
Never Enough
Newsletter
Podcast
About
Divorce is awesome…
January 14, 2026
Hello friend,

Why you're getting this: this is my Friends Newsletter, a brain dump of interesting things that I send to interesting people I've met and friends I want to stay in touch with. Zero pressure to stick around—just click unsubscribe if you don't want to get it (don't worry, I won't be notified).

👩‍💻 Victoria Vibe Coders Meetup: I'm hosting a casual meetup for any Victoria-based vibe coders on January 20th 9-10:30AM at Habit Coffee (Pandora location). Details and RSVP here.

I'm also HIRING an experienced vibe coder: I'm hiring a full-time vibe coder to work directly with me. You don't have to actually know how to code (although helpful) but you must be an absolute super genius with Claude Code and similar tools. Email me if you're interested with the subject line "Vibe Coder" and share 2-3 things you've built and a few bullets on your background. I don't care about formal education, just scrappiness. Don't say too much, just show me what you've built.

Here's what I'm thinking about…
Divorce is awesome.
Yes, I know. Clutch your pearls and gasp.

Take a deep breath and bear with me here. I think I'm onto something…

We worship a strange idol in today's society.

The idea that staying married, no matter how miserable, is noble.

That suffering together is somehow better than finding happiness apart.

Many people I know live quiet lives of desperation because of this.

Not everyone. But a good number of people I know are deeply unhappy in their marriages.

They feel unseen and unappreciated.

Like they're always having to explain themselves, but never feel understood.

Like they live with the world's most irritating and critical roommate.

In some cases, it's subtle. In others, it's severe.

It's almost like they have a job they hate—except they're afraid to quit, so they have to share a bed with their boss until one of them dies.

They know how every conversation is going to go. Where it will stall and where it will blow up.

They've tried couples therapy.

They showed up and leaned in.

Learned how to use "I" statements and read the books.

And still, nothing changed.

Because no amount of therapy, communication tools, or self-work will resolve their relationship's fundamental misalignments.

So what do they do?

They give up.

Not loudly, but bit by bit.

They stop bringing things up.

Stop hoping the next conversation will be different and become a quieter, smaller version of themselves—less playful, less open, and less affectionate.

They lower their expectations and let the romantic inside of them—the part of themselves who needs to be seen, heard, and held by a lover—quietly starve to death.

Some cauterize the wound in socially acceptable ways.

They spend all their time with friends.

They get obsessed with working out.

They find stimulation elsewhere.

Anything to avoid being alone with their disappointment.

Others numb it.

A glass of wine becomes a bottle.

A lingering glance becomes an affair.

Or worse, they simply turn off the part of themselves that hoped for more.

They've convinced themselves that they're trapped.

When they open up to friends, they usually say they're staying because they're afraid of losing time with their kids or having to split their finances.

But for most, if you pull on the emotional thread, it's not actually about that—it's about shame.

About admitting they failed at the one relationship society told you was supposed to last forever.

The idea of all the other parents whispering about them at school drop off or becoming a cautionary tale at dinner parties.

Or having to tell their parents their marriage is over.

Why do we fear divorce?

Because even today, a time when over 40% of marriages dissolve, divorce is shockingly taboo.

There's an assumption that marriage must be preserved at all costs—that avoiding the brief pain of divorce is worth decades of unhappiness.

What's bizarre is that breaking up isn't taboo if you aren't married.

Break up with your girlfriend of five years? You get an 'aww' and 'let's go out!'

Tell people you got divorced after five years of marriage and they react with judgement and disappointment.

"Did you try?" they ask in a hushed tone, their face ashen, like you've just confessed to a crime. "I know a great couples therapist I can introduce you to."

It's not just that they think it's sad—that's fine, it is sad—but that they often seem to think it's morally wrong.

I got divorced about 4 years ago, and it was one of the best decisions I've ever made.

I went through all of this.

Do I regret my marriage?

Not for a second.

We have two beautiful sons. We had years of genuine love and laughter. I became who I am in part because of that relationship.

Of course, that doesn't change the fact that we ended up not enjoying being married to one another.

We changed.

Not dramatically. We just grew into different people who wanted different lives.

The person I fell in love with when I was 27 wasn't the same person sitting across from me at 35.

Over time, the relationship shifted.

While we liked and loved one another, we didn't enjoy having our lives intertwined.

We diverged in interests, preferences, and how we wanted our lives to unfold.

And these misalignments came out as blowups over a thousand innocuous decisions.

How to spend Saturday.

How to discipline the kids.

When to take the garbage out.

Each one became a tiny explosion, damaging the relationship. A meta-fight that was really about both of us being in a fundamental conflict that could never be resolved.

Eventually, we both drifted into frustration and stopped trying.

We became incompatible and unhappy. We stopped enjoying one another.

We tried it all: couples counselling. Date night. Taking space.

But in the end, it was simple: we'd just changed.

It just flat out didn't work anymore and we were making one another miserable.

You know what's hard about divorce? Breaking up.

Saying the words. Talking to lawyers. Separating assets. Telling the kids.

That stuff all sucks.

You know what's awesome?

Everything after.

Rediscovering the hobbies you abandoned because they caused friction.

Getting to parent in your own style.

Finding a partner who makes you happy.

Freedom and self-actualization, on so many levels.

But don't forget, this is as much for you as it is for your kids.

I love this line from Dr. James Hollis' incredible book (one of my favorites from the last few years), Living An Examined Life:

"The greatest burden a child can bear is the unlived life of the parent."
He means kids don't grow up in your intentions—they live in your tone, your tension, and your patterns.

When parents stay in a marriage that's quietly miserable, the house becomes a low-grade war zone: tension, sarcasm, silence, little detonations over nothing.

The child adapts by becoming an emotional accountant. Tracking moods, smoothing conflicts, shrinking their needs.

That's the "unlived life." Your fear of making a hard change becomes their job to manage in their own life and future relationships.

You might think I'm exaggerating here, but the science backs this up.

When my ex-wife and I were contemplating separating, I was particularly worried about how it would affect our kids.

I confided in a divorced friend about this, and here's what he told me:

"Here's the hierarchy of what's best for kids:

The ideal is two happy parents who are calm and loving in the same house.

The next best is two happy parents who are calm and loving living separately.

The worst of all, is two miserable parents fighting and modeling a bad relationship in the same house."
I went on to learn that this is backed up by studies.

Researchers tracked 96,000 families and found that kids whose parents stayed in unhappy marriages had higher rates of depression, anxiety, and self-harm than kids whose unhappy parents split up. Staying together was worse.

Another 12-year study found that kids in high-conflict homes actually did better after their parents split.

So many of us martyr ourselves "for the kids" and in doing so damage our children—teaching them that love looks like a festering garbage can of resentment.

And so often, the kids leave for college and the couple finally splits, leaving the children to rewrite their entire childhood.

"So that's why Mom always seemed sad."

"That's why Dad worked late every night."

"Was my childhood a lie?"

They knew. Kids always know. They just didn't have the words for what they were witnessing.

This quote nails the divorce conundrum:

"Easy choices, hard life.

Hard choices, easy life."

–Jerzy Gregorek
Divorce is the ultimate hard choice.

You're signing up for six to twelve months of hell in exchange for forty years of freedom.

You're choosing to crawl through a sewage pipe for freedom like Andy Dufresne because you'd rather spend half a year in the muck than the rest of your life in a cell.

Yes, the conversation with your partner is brutal.

Telling your parents and friends is rough.

Facing the gossip and judgment from others stinks.

(Especially the unhappily married ones who see themselves in your decision and subconsciously hate you extra hard for it.)

Dealing with lawyers and splitting your assets is horrible.

And there's no sugar coating this: your children's reactions are the toughest part.

Then there's the cherry on top of everything: moving out and restructuring your entire life.

All of these things suck. But they suck a lot less spending decades in an unhappy home.

We've collectively decided that divorce is shameful.

But compared to what?

Compared to modeling dysfunction to your kids?

Compared to resentment and bitterness?

Compared to teaching your children that love means suffering?

You know what's worse than breaking your partner's heart, upsetting your kids, dealing with gossip, and spending time with lawyers?

Spending decades in a home filled with resentment, where everyone slowly becomes a worse version of themselves.

It might feel selfish, but it's for everyone else as much as you.

It will allow your partner to find someone who fits them better.

Enable your kids to grow up in two calmer, happier homes instead of one tense one.

And give everyone a real shot at peace—even if the path is rocky.

One of the main reasons that I got divorced was, when I looked around at all my friends, by far, the happiest people had ended their marriages.

It's an open secret among the divorced.

We see each other around and lean in conspiratorially: "Isn't it awesome?"

Almost universally, everyone is glad they separated.

We got to the light on the other end of the tunnel.

And on the other end is self-discovery.

New love and experiences.

Parenting the way you want to.

And often, an even deeper relationship with your kids.

Louis CK puts it well:

"When your friend tells you they're getting divorced, don't go, 'Oh, I'm sorry.'

That's a stupid thing to say. It really is.

You're making them feel bad for being really happy, which isn't fair.

Let me explain something: divorce is always good news.

I know that sounds weird, but it's true—because no good marriage has ever ended in divorce. It's really that simple.

There's never been a marriage where they were really happy, they just had a great thing, and then they got divorced.

That would be really sad.

But that has happened zero times. Literally zero!"
Divorce is hard, but Louis is right.

It's sad and difficult. A hard transition.

But it's one of the best things that can happen to two wrong people and often results in increased happiness for you, your partner, and your children in the long term.

It isn't a failure. It's making a hard choice to have an easy life.

Refusing to sacrifice your remaining decades of life to protect society's feelings.

And yes, like most hard things that require brutal honesty with yourself, it's wonderful in ways you cannot imagine from where you're standing now.

So maybe you should get divorced.

Not all of you, of course. Not if you're genuinely happy.

But if something in your chest just tightened while reading this?

Yeah. You should probably think about getting divorced.

PS: If anyone wants to talk, I'm here.

"The treasure you seek is in the cave you're afraid to enter."

–Joseph Campbell
Also, there's a wonderful book on this topic called Sacred Cows: The Truth About Divorce and Marriage. I recommend checking it out if you find yourself thinking about this.

I loved this quote that my friend Kevin Rose shared in his newsletter the other day:
"When you fight something, you're tied to it forever. As long as you're fighting it, you're giving it power."

–Anthony de Mello
As somebody who frequently limits himself from eating unhealthy foods, alcohol, etc, I definitely relate to this quote. So often complete abstention leads to a painful obsession in the opposite direction.

Sidenote: I've been really enjoying Anthony de Mello's book Stop Fixing Yourself on this topic. It's a serious bucket of cold water over the head for anyone who's an obsessive striver.

If you have ADHD, I highly recommend checking out a drug called Guanfacine.
It's not a primary treatment, but something that you add on.

Vyvanse was a revelation for me. It gave me incredible focus and flow states, but it also revved up my anxiety in the evenings and sometimes made it difficult to sleep.

For the past six months or so, I've added Guanfacine XR (brand name Intuiniv) at night and my anxiety is almost non-existent (day or night).

It has given me this crazy, persistent zen-like calm that I've never felt. (I assume this is how people who don't have ADHD feel?)

My anxiety before I started an SSRI was an 8/10.

The SSRI (Vortioxetine) took it to 4/10.

Guanfacine has dropped it to 1/10.

No matter what is going on in my life right now, I don't feel particularly anxious.

Yes, I get stressed, but I don't have anxious looping thoughts, sweaty palms, and all the typical symptoms I used to have 24/7.

I can't identify any other reason why my anxiety would be this low other than that it perfectly lines up with adding this drug.

Not medical advice! Ask your doctor about it and do your own research. I also highly recommend this HubermanLab episode with Dr. John Kruse. It's by far the best deep dive on treating ADHD and it inspired me to investigate Guanfacine.

Note: The Guanfacine doses for ADHD are much higher than dosing for other conditions, so make sure your doctor gives you the right prescription based on your body weight and also make sure you slowly increase your dose. I started at 1mg and increased by 1mg every 1-2 weeks until I reached my target dose and experienced zero side effects. ChatGPT helped me identify the correct dose.

I'm hosting a Think Week in April.
All year, you're busy.

Back-to-back meetings.
A never-ending conveyor belt of emails.
Mindless zooms.
Kids.
Bad sleep.
Rinse, repeat.

Think Week is an opportunity to disconnect with a curated group of fellow interesting people (entrepreneurs, creatives, scientists, and more) surrounded by stunning nature.

Here are the key ingredients:

Wonderful People

We are hand-selecting a crew of people we know well, but also opening up a few spots for interesting strangers. The kind of people who make everyone they interact with feel warm and gooey inside who are doing interesting things in the world. Some will be just starting out, others will be at later stages. This mix keeps it interesting for everyone.

Insight and Connection

Each day, we'll learn something, discuss something, and share an experience. We're going to have some sessions facilitated by a speaker, others will be facilitated by the group. We may also have a few mystery performers ;-)

Exceptional Food

No miserable conference food. Every meal will be delicious, every sip of coffee smooth (AeroPress + Mateina, obv).

Nature and Activities

The property has a sauna, cold plunge, pickleball court, ping pong, games room, and tons of amazing hikes nearby. We'll be getting lots of exercise and R&R time.

Our goal is that you leave with:

✅ 1 new friend
✅ 1 new idea
✅ 1 thing that changed your mind
✅ A feeling of calm and connection

If this sounds up your alley and you'd like to attend, then we're all ears.

Pricing is set based on the size of your income/company. Those of us with large businesses contribute more than those in the startup phase or in creative fields—we just think that's fair and it allows us to include an especially interesting mix of people from all walks of life.

Location to be shared once you're accepted, but it's about 45 minutes away from Victoria, Canada.

Apply to join here - we only have ~5 spots available for interesting strangers.

Is your house slowly poisoning you?
Mine was.

Here's how I discovered the issue…

My friend Justin Mares is a complete health nut. He's the brains behind companies like Kettle & Fire, TrueMed, and Perfect Keto.

Whenever Justin tells me about some new health concern, I usually roll my eyes and joke about tin foil hats.

He's a good sport and takes it in stride—but within a few years I'm often eating humble pie. He's usually right.

He's an obsessive reader of science and always a few years ahead.

Recently, he told me about his new company, Lightwork.

They're working on something that nobody is thinking enough about—yet.

Since the 1970s, houses have changed dramatically.

In an effort to drive energy efficiency, they've become airtight.

This is great for the environment, but terrible for your health.

All the particulates, VOCs, mold spores, and moisture that used to escape is now trapped inside with you.

Radon gas in your basement.

Mold spores from that leaky pipe in the wall.

Contaminants like PFAS quietly entering our water supply.

Your home has become a completely different environment than the one humans evolved to live in.

And the risks are almost designed to be ignored, because they're so boring and innocuous.

You don't feel them, but they build up quietly over decades of exposure.

A little more inflammation.

Worse sleep.

Headaches you chalk up to stress.

Brain fog you blame on getting older.

Hell, maybe a cancer diagnosis that came a little too young.

In the meantime, your house was silently contributing to it all along.

That's what Justin's new company is working on. Helping people test their homes and protect themselves from all these problems.

I consider myself pretty nerdy about this stuff. I had my air and water tested when I moved in, plus have air purifiers all over and a filtered water tap.

Lightwork goes a level deeper. They test for mold, VOCs, radon, lighting quality, and EMF.

They sent a crew and swept my house for hours, scraping walls, moving fancy looking sensors around, and taking water samples.

A few weeks later, we got the report.

Here's what they found in our home that I had missed:

They discovered crazy high volatile organic compounds in my shower water vapor.

The kind that get inhaled and absorbed through your skin and are linked to cancer, but easily resolved with a simple shower filter.

Something I never would have thought to test.

They also found EMF hotspots throughout certain rooms.

Including—of course—the kids bedroom.

This one got an exaggerated eye roll from me, to be honest.

I made some jokes about chemtrails and 5G, but then Justin sent me the literature.

I gulped and we made some changes.

I had no clue about either of these issues, and I'm someone who actually pays attention to this stuff.

Both were quick fixes and resolved within a few weeks.

I've talked to a bunch of friends about this.

The ones who've gotten their homes tested all have the same thought:

"It's insane that nobody checks this stuff"

One found black mold behind a wall she'd walked past a thousand times.

Another discovered her son's bedroom had the worst air quality in the house, full of VOCs.

A third had been being slowly poisoned by formaldehyde from cheap furniture.

Each was suffering from health issues, but none of them had connected their symptoms to their homes. In each case, they were an easy fix.

My friend who discovered the black mold, for example, realized it was the cause of her brutal brain fog and fatigue and was able to treat her mold exposure and recover.

It turns out that Benjamin Franklin was right: "An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure."

So roll your eyes all you want, but I think Justin is on point on this one. You should get your house tested.

Since he's a Friends Newsletter subscriber, he's offering a 20% discount to all of his fellow readers when you book use this link 🫡

Random Stuff:
A guy detailed my car—then interviewed me for his podcast.
Sam's company detailed my car and did an incredible job. Then, as I was paying, he caught me off guard and asked me if I'd be on his podcast (I didn't expect a guy who runs a car detailing business to have one). I said sure.

We talked about all sorts of stuff:

Why compounding is hard to believe
ADHD as an entrepreneurial filter
Being good at proficient, bad at exceptional
Strategic laziness as a business advantage
Why young entrepreneurs should avoid glamorous businesses early
Spotting Narcissists and Psychopaths in Business
The High Cost of People-Pleasing
And a bunch more.

You can listen to it here. Warning: the audio quality isn't the best. YouTube / Spotify / Apple Podcasts

Also: if you're based in Victoria and have a car that needs detailing, his company Canine Car Care is very good (and dog-friendly).

I made a winter playlist on Spotify full of cozy semi-depressing tunes for a rainy/snowy day. Listen here
A random thought: Using Google Search in 2026 is like using the Yellow Pages in 2004.
I was absolutely fascinated by this interview with Dr. Kevin Tracy on The Tim Ferriss Show. He is treating rheumatoid arthritis using vagus nerve stimulator implants the size of a grain of rice. The stories are remarkable, and the science to back it up is real. So interesting. Listen here: Spotify / Apple Podcasts
If you don't already, follow me on Instagram. That is all.
Victoria stuff: I'm obsessed with a new sauna place called Aerth in James Bay. My favorite feature: they have two saunas: the social sauna and the quiet sauna. Go in the social sauna, and you're opting in to talking to strangers, which is one of my favorite pastimes. Check them out
There's a really great new pasta place called Lumache on Douglas. We went with some friends and were really impressed.
I'm biased, because I'm a co-owner, but the team at Part & Parcel is on fire lately. The tasting menu is mind-bogglingly tasty. I highly recommend you go check it out. Also: It was just announced that our head chef, Nick, will be on the next season of Top Chef Canada!
There's a new hot pot place called Big Way Hot Pot that just opened near UVIC. It's a neat concept: you get to fill your pot from a huge wall filled with meats, tofu, noodles, and veggies, then they cook it for you and deliver it to your table. It's very casual, but very tasty.
That's all for now…

-Andrew

Want to read more? Here are a few of my best past issues:

I lost ten million dollars doing something stupid
How I Succeed by Starting Companies That (Mostly) Fail
I committed email suicide.
You should ignore your kids.
Read more past issues here.
Did you enjoy this newsletter? Say thanks by checking out one of my businesses:

Find a designer on Dribbble
Make the perfect morning coffee using an AeroPress
Review a movie on Letterboxd
Get hyper-caffeinated on Mateina
Buy a bronze bust of Charlie Munger or Warren Buffett
Hire Metalab to design or build your next app or website
Or go check out one of our many other business
Follow me on X: @awilkinson
Follow me on Instagram: @awilkinson

Forwarded this message? Sign up here.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




Never Enough
Newsletter
Podcast
About
I own a misunderstood platypus…
December 7, 2025
Hello friend,

Why you're getting this: this is my Friends Newsletter, a brain dump of interesting things that I send to interesting people I've met and friends I want to stay in touch with. Zero pressure to stick around—just click unsubscribe if you don't want to get it (don't worry, I won't be notified).

Here's what I'm thinking about…

Life goals from Charlie Munger
Last week, The Wall Street Journal ran a great piece on Charlie Munger's final decade.

Despite losing vision in one eye and much of his mobility by his nineties, he forged ahead.

This was nothing new for him.

By his early thirties he had already buried his 9-year-old son, Teddy, who died of leukemia, and gone through a divorce that left him nearly broke.

Then, in the '70s, he watched his investment partnership drop by roughly 50% in the 1973–74 bear market and came out limping.

Again and again, for almost a century, he picked himself up, refusing to wallow.

Right up until his death at 99, he kept burning through an endless pile of books, helping a young neighbor, Avi Mayer, build a real-estate company that went on to buy thousands of garden apartments in Southern California, and tinkering away on his side hobby of designing college dormitories.

My business partner Chris and I were lucky enough to spend a fair amount of time with him during his twilight years. I can confirm that he was hilarious and razor sharp until the very end—often holding court until late in the night at dinner parties full of what he jokingly dubbed his "groupies" (young investing nerds like us).

Here's a story that captures how old he was when we met:

We asked him about inheritance, and he mentioned that most of his wealth would go to his children and grandchildren.

"Aren't you worried you'll spoil your grandchildren, Charlie?" Chris asked.

"My grandchildren are FIFTY YEARS OLD!" he replied, with a laugh.

My favorite excerpt from the WSJ piece:

"Near the end of life, Munger leaned on humor for strength. He told family members that Diet Coke was responsible for his longevity, lightening the mood. And he shared a wish with a visitor. 'Oh, to be 86 again,' he said."
Charlie's life wouldn't be ideal for most people. He was a bonafide polymath who spent 80% or more of his day with his head in a book or an annual report.

Most people's brains aren't built for that. Mine certainly isn't.

But here's a few of Charlie's key ideas that we should all apply:

"Always take the high road, it's far less crowded"
He didn't waste time on bad people and focused on operating in a way that prioritized win-win outcomes. If he trusted you, that was it—he didn't want to have a 60-page contract.

"The great lesson of life is to get toxic, unreliable people the hell out of your life — and do it fast."
"The best way to get what you want is to deserve what you want."
One of his favorite ideas was that the best way to get a great spouse, great friends, and great partners is to deserve them. That's a very un-2025 idea—just quietly become the kind of person other good people are happy to bet on and build a life with.
"Envy, resentment, revenge, and self-pity are disastrous modes of thought. It's very counterproductive for an individual to feel like a victim—even if he is."
By any normal standard, he had earned the right to be bitter. Divorce, the death of a child, major health problems. Instead, he chose to push on and continue contributing.
"I constantly see people rise in life who are not the smartest, sometimes not even the most diligent, but they are learning machines."
It's hard not to succeed when you read every day.
"Invert, always invert!"
My favorite Mungerism is inversion: the idea that, instead of trying to predict what will make you happy, focus on what you know makes you miserable, then avoid it.

He famously gave a speech about How To Guarantee a Life of Misery (do drugs, let envy and jealousy consume you, be unreliable, etc) and said that the best way to think through a problem was to work in reverse.

If your goal is to help your children, write down all the reliable ways to ruin their lives—and then work through how to avoid those things.

If your goal is a good life, list the habits that would produce a bad one and treat them like poison.

In 2017, I wrote an article about how Chris and I use inversion to avoid hating our lives.
There's a famous saying: "Never meet your heroes. They'll only disappoint you."

Not Charlie. He was the real deal, and his life is worth studying.

Read it here

Spending $40,000 to make $3.5 million
My business partner David texted me the other day:

"Get this: we're building a single AI automation that will cut this company's labour cost by $50,000 and should add an estimated $300,000 in recurring revenue."

The software company they're working with had a whole team doing miserable, manual work—reaching out to churned customers and trying to win them back.

His automation should cut resources required by half, saving $50,000/year, and he estimates it'll add around $300k in ARR.

If this plays out as expected, that's an extra $310,000 in profit for the owner this year (and $350,000 the following year).

If we assume the business is worth 10x EBITDA (it's growing nicely and high quality), that would mean they paid David and his team at Digital People, our AI automation agency, $40k to increase the value of their business by $3.5 million.

That's a 775% cash-on-cash return in year one, and an 87x long-term return.

It's the wild west in AI automation, and I'm astounded how many founder friends are sleeping on AI agents (or as I like to call them, digital employees).

Do you own a business?

Do you want to be like my sleepy, checked-out friends?

If the answer is no, you should talk to David.

A few of my favorite things from 2025
It's almost Christmas, so I figured now would be a good time to share an annual roundup of highlights from the year.

Hopefully you find a few things here that you like :-)

🎵 Songs I Couldn't Stop Listening To
It Might Be Raining by Dan Mangan
Dan made me cry a lot this year. In a good way.
Song In My Head by Madison Cunningham
This song is ear heroin. It's been stuck in my head all year.
Dear Boy by Paul McCartney
I had somehow never heard this album until this year.
Strawberry Fields Forever (Take 1) by The Beatles
I like this more than the album version.
Don't Be Cruel by Billy Swan
Haunting and wonderful.
📚 Favorite Books
The Courage to Be Disliked by Ichiro Kishimi & Fumitake Koga
This book is oddly written (it's translated from Japanese), but it changed my life. I wrote about its effect on me here.
The Kid Stays In The Picture by Robert Evans
Robert Evans goes from pretty-boy actor to running Paramount during The Godfather era, then nukes his life in a haze of ego and excess. Pure Hollywood popcorn—probably half true, but insanely entertaining.
Barbarian Days by William Finnegan
I'd been gifted this book like three times but had zero interest in reading it. I don't care about surfing. God was I wrong. Beautiful stuff.
Rabbit At Rest by John Updike
I finally made it through the entire Rabbit series. This book was by far the weakest of the four, and it still makes my top 5 list. Updike is, in my opinion, the best fiction writer of the last century.
Lorne: The Man Who Invented Saturday Night Live by Susan Morrison
A window into the kind of person who does the same job obsessively, week after week, for 50 years. So many great anecdotes about Lorne and his crazy famous friends. I couldn't put this down.
🎬 Movies I Loved
Eternity
A man dies and goes to heaven, followed shortly by his wife—who re-connects with her hunky ex-husband, creating a hilarious love triangle. My favorite film from TIFF.
Sentimental Value
A movie about boomer dads who compress their trauma into blood diamonds deep inside themselves. Great stuff.
Nosferatu
Somehow both absolutely terrifying (there are a few scenes I can't scrub from my mind almost a year later) and hilarious. Robert Eggers never fails to make my skin crawl.
Pee-wee as Himself
Brought back long forgotten memories of watching Pee-wee's Playhouse as a kid. I had had some vague notion that he was a pedophile or had done something really bad. It turns out, his career was unfairly destroyed—he was just a closeted gay guy who made a bad decision in a porn theater. A profoundly unfair story about an incredible performer.
The Naked Gun
The first movie I've seen in theaters with the boys (ages 6 and 8) where we all laughed our heads off together. Pure gold. Akiva Schaffer for president.
😂 Hardest Laughs
Gianmarco Soresi - Thief of Joy
Stumbled on this and was dying within five minutes.
Shane Gillis' Trump impersonations on Kill Tony
If you close your eyes, it's Trump.
Jon Glaser's Soothing Meditations for the Solitary Dog
Almost made me crash my car from laughing.
Conner O'Malley's Slugs video
Unhinged as always.
Tilek All Better - Strangers Ease My Soul-Crushing Battle with Anxiety
Very John Wilson. The guy who walks up to him in the park 😂
🛒 Rampant Consumerism
AeroPress Coffee Grinder
I've been beta testing this thing for months and it was worth the wait. My favorite feature: it comes with a drill bit for fast electric grinding.
Laifen P3 Pro Razor
Apple-level design for a razor. Makes my old one feel like a joke.
Garmin Bounce
Despite what To Catch a Predator would have you believe, it's almost statistically impossible your child will be abducted. But just for peace of mind, you can get a Garmin Bounce.
TRMNL e-ink display
Lives in my kitchen, shows countdowns and calendars (and my death clock!). Love it.
Zefferano Poldina Pro
Battery powered lights for indoor/outdoor dining, parties, or anywhere you need to create low-light ambiance. Instant cozy—perfect for dinner parties.
💻 Nerdy Stuff
Lindy
I've built dozens of amazing automations with this thing. Completely obsessed.
Beeper
Superhuman but for texts. Combines iMessage, WhatsApp, Signal, and Slack.
WisprFlow
iOS + Mac dictation app that actually works. I text with my voice now.
Ramp
After years of misery managing corporate cards with Canadian banks, Ramp finally came to Canada and I love it. If your company has credit cards, you need to switch.
Freedom
Blocks misery-inducing sites like TikTok, Instagram, and Reddit. Not having easy access to social media and news has made my life infinitely calmer.
🙋‍♀️ Favorite People
I got to know a lot of really cool people this year. Here are some favorites:

1. Dan Mangan
I needed a musician for my Interesting People event last summer and someone threw out Dan's name. I recognized it, but honestly, I'd never heard his music.

We booked him without a thought, and I had no idea what to expect.

Dan got up after a string of comedians and made an awkward joke about singing sad songs after all those laughs.

The room felt tense. I was worried.

Then, he gave the most incredible performance I've ever seen. Within minutes, I had tears streaming down my face, and he ended the show with everyone singing together. Unbelievable.

I've gotten to know Dan since, and he's a lovely, thoughtful, and supremely talented dude. I have a man crush on him. You should listen to his music and read his Substack.

2. Robbie Bent
Robbie runs a cult. At least that's what Toronto Life calls it. Going to his bathhouse, Othership, feels like a religious experience. A mix between a holy ritual and a healthy night club.

We spent a few hours wandering Toronto together and talking about life and I was struck by his ambition and openness.

In an increasingly lonely and disconnected world, we need more people like Robbie.

So impressed with what he's built. The OG Othership is in Toronto, but he just opened new locations in Brooklyn and Manhattan. You should go.

3. Alex Forman and Nash Park
I had completely written off standup comedy in Victoria, but got dragged to an OkDope comedy show.

Alex and Nash are hilarious, great people, and doing the best standup in town. If you live in Victoria (or Vancouver Island), you should go to a show.

4. Gillian Liu
I was speaking at a random ecommerce conference and Gillian happened to be behind me in the breakfast line. I liked her immediately—she was hilarious—but I was also blown away by the business she built.

While working full-time at an insurance company, she bootstrapped an online Korean beauty business called Kiyoko that hit over $10,000,000 in revenue.

She's cool. If you're in Toronto, you should email her for a coffee.

More importantly, if you like having beautiful skin, you should visit Kiyoko and stock up.

5. Josh Franklin
Over the last few years, I've started going to bed at 9 PM, but whenever I'd ask non-lame people what they were up to on weekends, they'd always say 'Club Loading.'

It turns out that two guys had taken over a former grocery store and built a makeshift nightclub —the type you'd typically find in Williamsburg, not Victoria.

I met Josh, one of the founders, through mutual friends. We immediately clicked and started brainstorming.

He's passionate about one thing: making great events happen in Victoria.

Earlier this year, we founded The Culture Fund to remove the financial barrier to hosting events in Victoria, and we just co-founded a new company we'll announce soon 🤫

If you're into music, events, and making things happen, email him.

Meet me in Maui?
But only if you're a Conglomerateur—one of the rare weirdos like me who runs a holding company.

A couple dozen of us are meeting up in Hawaii, January 5-8th.

We've got some incredible speakers joining:

Ben Gilbert from the Acquired podcast.

Tren Griffin from Microsoft/25iq.

Glen Arnold, author of The Deals of Warren Buffett

And more. Want to come? (We only have 3 spots left)

Mr. Market is confused by my platypus
Ben Graham, the father of value investing, told readers to think of the stock market as "Mr. Market."

An irrational old man who's euphoric one day and terrified the next.

Sometimes he thinks stocks can only go to the moon—other times he's losing it and stockpiling gold under his mattress.

It's a fun metaphor…until it moves your net worth by millions of dollars a day and makes your shareholders sweat.

When Tiny went public in 2023, public market investors misunderstood us.

We're a collection of 28 businesses across diverse industries.

As you'd expect, Mr. Market scratched his head:

Why do they own software companies and a coffee maker company?

Why do they have a fund?

Why does their earnings jump around so much?

Why does the founder tweet all this emo stuff about getting diagnosed with ADHD on X?

Mr. Market doesn't like complexity.

He likes simple businesses with a formula.

CEOs who say things like:

"We buy golf course management software companies at 7x earnings and increase prices by 15% per year."

The public market wants you to look like a duck and quack like a duck.

To be consistent and never change course.

To have earnings go up in a straight line, quarter after quarter, at a prescribed rate.

But Tiny isn't a duck. We're a platypus.

Confusing at first glance, but well suited to what it does.

Being a platypus means embracing a certain amount of chaos.

When you have dozens of businesses doing very different things, something is always breaking, stalling, or surprising you, while other businesses knock it out of the park.

But viewed as a whole over the long term, the system works well. The strong parts more than compensate for whatever business is temporarily misbehaving.

We started Tiny with a simple mission: to buy wonderful, profitable businesses for the long term, almost always from founders.

Over time, that led us to own an eclectic mix of companies—not because we wanted complexity, but because we follow great founders, strong cash flow, and enduring products wherever we find them.

Unfortunately, that complexity showed up in our share price. Since we went public in 2023, our stock dropped more than 80% from peak to trough.

At one point in 2025, our entire business was valued at less than $200 million.

For a company with:

$200M+ Revenue
$65M+ Recurring Revenue
$40M+ Adjusted EBITDA
A 20-year track record of growth
Founder alignment, with Chris and me holding the majority of shares
A $200M fund that owns businesses doing $66M+ in annual revenue, where Tiny holds about 21.6% of the LP (~$42.2M NAV), plus significant upside via carry (see our 2024 shareholder letter for details)
[See Non-IFRS legal footnote at the bottom of this post]

Not to mention the businesses we own:

The dominant social network for film buffs, now at 23 million users—up 125% since we acquired it two years ago (Letterboxd)
The top DJ software business (Serato)
One of most popular methods for brewing coffee (AeroPress)
The top interface design agency in the world (Metalab)
Among many others
To put that valuation in context and contrast how differently public and private markets operate:

Beacon Software, a Toronto-based holding company that's made only a handful of acquisitions (and is rumored to be less than half our size), just raised $250M USD in the private market at a $1B USD ($1.4B CAD) valuation.

To be clear: this isn't to dunk on them—I think they're probably worth $1B and I hear they're smart guys—but to show how out of sync public market valuations can be.

All of this has left us scratching our heads.

But as Graham and Buffett remind us: in the short term, the stock market is a voting machine. In the long term, it's a weighing machine.

Eventually it will weigh what matters: the earnings we deliver over the coming decades.

Our job is to keep growing earnings so the weighing machine catches up.

Speaking of which, we recently filed our latest quarterly earnings report (Q3 2025):

Revenue of $54.0 million ⬆️Up 16% year-over-year
Recurring Revenue of $16.9 million ⬆️ Up 72% year-over-year
Adjusted EBITDA of $10.1 million ⬆️Up 39% year-over-year
Free Cash Flow of $15.1 million ⬆️Up $14.4M year-over-year
Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA of 2.3x ⬇️Down 23% year-over-year
We've been hoping Mr. Market would wake up and smell the AeroPress, and he finally seems to be catching on—our stock is up about 45% over the last three months.

Regardless of Mr. Market's moods, we'll keep doing what we do: buying wonderful businesses, running them well, and letting time do the heavy lifting.

We appreciate our shareholders for coming along for the ride and taking the time to understand our beloved platypus ❤️

*Fun Obligatory Legal Note (There's more stuff below, keep reading!):

On a trailing twelve-month basis through Q3 2025, Tiny generated more than $200M in revenue, more than $65M in recurring revenue and more than $40M in Adjusted EBITDA. Recurring Revenue, Adjusted EBITDA, Free Cash Flow and Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA are non-IFRS financial measures or non-IFRS ratios, do not have standardized meanings under IFRS and may not be comparable to similar measures of other issuers. For definitions, explanations and reconciliations to the most directly comparable IFRS measures, see "Non-IFRS Measures" in our Q3 2025 MD&A and our Q3 2025 results news release, each available on SEDAR+ and at investors.tiny.com. This letter is for information only and is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Past share price performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. This letter contains 'forward‑looking information' about Tiny's business and strategy, including statements about our acquisition approach, our ability to compound earnings over time and our long‑term outlook. Forward‑looking information is based on assumptions and is subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Important risk factors are described in our most recent Annual Information Form and in our Q3 2025 MD&A, both available on SEDAR+. We do not undertake to update forward‑looking information except as required by law.

Random Stuff:
My favorite NPS (net promoter score) software, Delighted, just announced that they are shutting down. So our team at Kno just launched their own. It's really good, and made especially for ecommerce. Check it out.
The other day, I spoke at the UVic business school and this South American guy walked me to my car, peppering me with questions. He was an interesting guy—studying business and physics, with dreams of building quantum computers. As an aside, he mentioned his wife was trying to break into DJing.

I told him I'd listen to her stuff and share it with some friends who throw parties. I ended up really liking this mix she posted on YouTube. Check out DJ Inna Brik.
I just discovered Emitt Rhodes. One of those one-hit wonder guys from the 60's who could have been huge but never was. I love this song (Promises I've Made).
Yoda for agency owners. My old pal Mark, who was employee #3 or so at Metalab and ran the business for over a decade, wrote a book about all the chaos and learnings from the early days. It's really good, and he is awesome. If you own a services business, this one is for you.
A quote that struck me:

"Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life and you will call it fate."

–Carl Jung

Go to therapy! (Or ChatGPT)
That's all for now…

-Andrew

Want to read more? Here are a few of my best past issues:

I lost ten million dollars doing something stupid
How I Succeed by Starting Companies That (Mostly) Fail
I committed email suicide.
You should ignore your kids.
Read more past issues here.
Did you enjoy this newsletter? Say thanks by checking out one of my businesses:

Find a designer on Dribbble
Make the perfect morning coffee using an AeroPress
Review a movie on Letterboxd
Get hyper-caffeinated on Mateina
Buy a bronze bust of Charlie Munger or Warren Buffett
Hire Metalab to design or build your next app or website
Or go check out one of our many other business
Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson
Forwarded this message? Sign up here.

PO Box 42052 RPO Oak Bay, Victoria, BC V8R 6T4

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved





I lost ten million dollars doing something stupid
November 13, 2025
Hello friend,

Why you're getting this: this is my Friends Newsletter, a brain dump of interesting things that I send to interesting people I've met and friends I want to stay in touch with. Zero pressure to stick around—just click unsubscribe if you don't want to get it (don't worry, I won't be notified).

Here's what I'm thinking about…
I just went on My First Million for the 20th time (kind of crazy)
We talked about:

💰 The world's best and worst business models
😡 Why you should want to be hated
🧌 My response to the trolls
🧠 Super Genius vs. ADHD Type Entrepreneurs
It's a fun one. Listen here: YouTube / Spotify / Apple Podcasts

"Lina is REALLY good at making friends."
Zoe's sister Ariele and her friend Lina were visiting the other weekend when Ariele casually dropped this compliment.

I immediately leaned in and wanted to know more.

If I have one passion in life—maybe even an addiction—it's making new friends.

Most people want money. A nice car. A flashy watch. A beautiful house.

Why? Because they think if they get those things (money, success, an impressive outfit), it will somehow translate into the life they dream of.

A life where they have a great partner, interesting friends, and a community that welcomes them.

They crave connection—they just try to get it in the wrong way.

The reality is that building the connection we all crave doesn't require money, success, or fame—in fact, those things often get in the way of it.

Instead, building friendships and community simply requires openness, warmth, and consistency.

After decades of striving for the other stuff, I've come out the other side and realized that my goal in life is really just to have great relationships and a strong community.

If you can build a life that revolves around friends and family (plus sleep and exercise), you have most of the key ingredients for a wonderful life.

Science backs this up: decades of studies like the Harvard Study of Adult Development show that close relationships are the strongest predictor of long-term health and well-being.

I've always been lucky that making friends comes naturally to me, but one thing I've struggled with over the years is creating cohesive groups and communities.

I've always been jealous of those people who have a "crew".

You know the ones.

They've all been best friends since elementary school.
Their wives and husbands get along perfectly.
They go on vacation together and post cute group photos on Instagram.
If you aren't one of them, they're very irritating.

I've always had a wide ranging group of friends. I can pretty much land in any major city in the world and have coffee with a pal.

But where I've previously failed is creating cohesive groups.

In the past, I had a million disparate relationships, but few collections of people that I'd feel confident inviting over to my house without feeling low-grade anxiety.

Back to Lina. She shared a trick that I loved.
I asked her how she builds friendships. She told me her secret:

"Whenever I go out for a group dinner, pickleball, movie, whatever—I always create a group thread and give it a funny name. Then, if I like the group, I just keep texting the group thread. Before you know it, everyone gets comfortable, chemistry gets built, and then you have this little crew to do stuff with."

So simple.

Something that takes almost no effort—but when I thought about it, I realized many of my favorite friend groups had formed the same way: purely by accident, through group text threads.

It's a great trick.

But here's what I've realized: while Lina's group text move is perfect for sparking new friendships, it only gets you half of the way there.

The real magic happens when those spontaneous hangouts become intentional and structured.

That's why, in my own life, I'm focused on creating rituals.

Rituals are things you do over and over again, typically with the same group—the glue that turns strangers into friends, and friends into family.

As you get older, life gets busy.

Unlike in college, community doesn't just happen anymore.

If you aren't intentional about building friendship, you flat out won't.

You'll go to work. Come home. Put your kids to bed. Occasionally have a double date with another couple. Go make small talk at soccer practice and ballet.

You know. Life.

Those things are all fine. But they often don't create true community and relational depth.

To build a deep friendship, you need reps.

You can rarely go deep in the first few hangouts. It takes time to get to know one another.

The same is true of groups. I've been in business forums—confidential support groups where we talk through personal, family, and business issues—for almost twenty years. That's where I first discovered the power of rituals.

A group of six of us meet once a month and attendance is mandatory. Unless your kid's in the ER, you come.

We each prepare updates, sharing highs and lows from our personal, family, and business lives, and take turns sharing our updates one by one.

When I first joined one of these groups I thought it would suck.

What did I have in common with all these people anyway?

They all ran businesses in different industries and to be honest, I didn't think I really clicked with most of them.

Flash forward twenty years, and my forum mates are some of my best friends.

What made it work was the consistency and structure.

It became a special ritual—something I did every month—and over time we got insanely close.

So, over the last few years, inspired by the success of my forum, I've focused on building more recurring rituals.

These are my current ones:

👨‍💼 Forum
I've now expanded to four different groups of 6 people. Each meets once a month, so I do one per week

I find this creates weekly time to catch up with my friends while adding structure that pushes us to talk about deeper issues. It's part bullshit session, part group therapy, part business strategy.

My forums have resulted in some of my deepest, highest trust friendships and years of incredible laughs, group trips, and inside jokes.

🎾 Pickleball
I play 2-3 times a week, and I have an ever-growing group thread that we're always adding random friends of friends to.

It's great exercise and a fun way to casually get to know people I'd never meet otherwise.

🥪 Entrepreneur's Lunch Club (ELC)
I rent out a restaurant once a month and invite a broad range of local entrepreneurs to have lunch.

We share recent wins and struggles, introduce anybody that's new, and then sit down for lunch with no small talk allowed (we use conversation cards to prompt people to talk about deeper stuff).

ELC has created a lively community of local entrepreneurs who can band together to solve problems and connected a bunch of my favorite entrepreneurs who wouldn't otherwise know each other.

👥 Interesting People
Once a year, I invite all my most interesting friends from all over the world to hang out together in Victoria for three days.

I call it Interesting People. It's not a conference—it's 100% focused on getting everyone to click and get to know one another.

I run it with my friend Nick Gray, who literally wrote the book on creating events that create connection and I can safely say that it's unlike any event you've been to.

I joke that Interesting People functions like FedEx: once a day, all of their delivery planes land in Anchorage, Alaska and swap packages. This masterful coordination gives FedEx the ability to deliver packages anywhere in the world within 24 hours.

IP is an opportunity for me to do the same with my entire network of friends from across the world. Doing so always results in good things: new friendships, business and creative partnerships, and a tribal community.

⛪ Sunday
A few friends and I recently started Sunday—a secular group that takes the religion out of church while preserving everything else.

I've always envied my religious friends. They just seem happier. But I don't think that joy comes from biblical stories—I think it comes from the ritual itself.

Every week, they get a built-in moment to pause, zoom out, reflect on life, and connect with their community.

So, we decided to build that same structure, minus the religion. Sunday is our weekly gathering for introspection, gratitude, and community.

If you're in Victoria and interested in joining, send me an email.

🏕️ Camp Dad
Every August, me and a bunch of my dad friends rent out a summer camp for a few days with our kids.

It's the ultimate win-win: the kids make incredible core memories together and become buddies, our partners get a break, we all take time away from screens and work, and I get to introduce my dad pals to one another.

👦 Father-Son Trips
I just started doing special 1-on-1 trips with each of my boys once a year.

Last week, I got back from a trip to Disneyland with my oldest son, and just looking at the photos makes me feel like I did some low-dose MDMA. I keep realizing that I only have 10 years left—at most—for special stuff like this, and the hourglass is almost half drained.

The days are long, but the years are short, and between this and Camp Dad, I feel like I've started building some core memories for the boys to lean on when they're older and I'm annoying them at family dinners.

All of these rituals have created their own unique cohesive group or community (including a group text thread) and have meant that I have a social scaffolding where, if I just follow my calendar, I will naturally spend a ton of time connecting with the people I love.

It requires a bit of advanced planning, but once you're in the groove it feels effortless to have a vibrant social life. And it all starts with a group thread!

What about you? Got any good social tricks or rituals? Reply to this email, I'd love to hear about them.

I've had this song on repeat for days now.
'Rich Men North of Richmond' by Oliver Anthony (Spotify).

If you haven't heard it, you should listen. I get tingles up my neck every time I listen.

If you study history, there's this recurring pattern—what Robert Greene would call the cycle of generations.

Every few decades, the pendulum swings. The establishment tightens its grip, the next generation pushes back, and suddenly you get an explosion of extremes on the left and the right. Rebellion, control, and chaos.

You see it today. Black Lives Matter, the trucker convoys, the campus protests, assassinations, the rise of populism and conspiracy theories.

As Mark Twain famously said, history doesn't repeat, but it does rhyme.

And right now it feels like we're rhyming with the late 60's/early 70's.

Back then, that tension produced some of the best music of all time. Protest music about what was happening in the country.

I'm thinking of songs like:

Fortunate Son – Creedence Clearwater Revival (class hypocrisy and the rich sending the poor to fight their wars)
For What It's Worth – Buffalo Springfield (civil unrest and generational tension)
Give Peace a Chance – John Lennon (a call to end war and embrace unity)
The Times They Are A-Changin' – Bob Dylan (a warning to those in power that the world and its values are shifting fast)
These songs are all incredibly melodic middle fingers to the system.

But unless I'm missing something, we are in a similar time right now and yet this type of music seems to have vanished.

Where are the Trump protest songs? Who is our generation's Bob Dylan or John Lennon?

Sure, people post their outrage on TikTok, but where's the SONG?

A song so good that even the most ardent Republican father can't help but sing along to it as he drives his kids to school.

This Oliver Anthony song feels a bit like that.

I don't know what it's like to grow up in poverty in the American South, and I doubt I align with his politics, but I can't stop listening to it.

It's so moving. I can't imagine that anyone with a heart could listen to his voice cracking and not feel something towards the struggling working class people he's singing about.

More songs like this, please.

My last newsletter was about screwing up.
This is the story of one of my most spectacular ones.

The story of how I lost ten million dollars by doing something stupid.

This week, with quivering, shell-shocked hands, I signed documents that hammered nails into the coffin of my greatest business disaster of all time.

We finally shut down Flow, the productivity software company I started back in 2010.

I lost over ten million dollars in total.

Ten. Million. Dollars.

Up in smoke. Money bonfire. GONE.

For reference, if I'd just invested in an S&P 500 index fund with that cash, it would be enough to retire with $300,000+ in annual passive income.

Even worse: it would be worth over $30 million today.

Here's what happened…
In 2009, Metalab was a small but profitable agency.

The business was making a couple hundred thousand dollars a year in profit and I was trying to figure out how to invest the profits.

Agencies can be great businesses, but they don't have much recurring revenue, and they're only as good as your last project.

I wanted to build something scalable and recurring—something like Basecamp.

We built Flow, a simple to-do app that helped teams collaborate.

It was beautiful.

We launched it, and within 24 hours, thousands of people had signed up.

I was hooked.

We started hiring like crazy—designers, developers, marketers.

We opened fancy new offices and were suddenly spending tens of thousands a month on salaries, equipment, and rent.

I kept reassuring Chris, my then-CFO, now business partner.

He was freaking out watching me burn so much money. Metalab was growing like crazy, but as it grew, we were pouring 80-90% of our free cash flow into Flow and other dumb ideas.

I thought he was shortsighted:

"We are going to make millions! Maybe billions!"
"You have to spend money to make money!"
"Once we launch this new feature, then everyone will see!"

Then I heard a name start popping up. Quietly at first, then a lot.

Asana.

It turned out that Dustin Moskovitz, the billionaire co-founder of Facebook, was a fellow to-do-list junkie, and he was quietly working on his own product.

A few months later it went live.

And I breathed a big sigh of relief.

It was ugly—designed by engineers. Complicated and hard to use.

Not a threat in the slightest.

I felt validated:

With a team a quarter of the size, and a fraction of the money, we had built what I felt was a superior product.

Around this time, Dustin and I had coffee in San Francisco.

He told me that they had raised a huge amount of money and that we'd be stronger together. Perhaps we should join forces instead?

He was super nice, but I wasn't into the idea. After all, we were Apple and they were Microsoft. And we were allergic to venture capital—we were bootstrappers, baby!

(Emphasis on nice. He is a very down-to-earth and humble dude. Ironically, both Dustin and Christian Reber from Wunderlist, my two key competitors who I wanted to hate, turned out to be really good guys.)

He walked me through their investors, war chest, and hires—all formidable—and gently proposed we join forces.

I dismissed this idea immediately.

After all, I was on the bootstrapping train and he was foolishly slurping up Silicon Valley Kool-Aid!

"Nice try!" I thought. "Let the games begin…"

We left with a friendly handshake.

Flow kept growing quickly, but our customers were demanding.

They wanted an iPhone app. They wanted an Android app. They wanted an iPad app. They wanted a Mac app.

Asana quickly released apps on all platforms.

After all, they had a dev team five times our size.

Suddenly it was a key feature when people compared Asana and Flow side-by-side.

Mobile was table stakes.

We had to keep up.

Almost overnight, our burn doubled.

I continued to pound cash into the business.

Our burn kept growing. $20k → $40k → $60k → $80k → $150k/month.

For designers, more developers, more marketers, more office space.

More everything.

Until my bank balance couldn't keep up.

At one point in 2012, Chris even had to inject cash from his personal account so we wouldn't miss payroll.

It was terrifying.

I started to realize how big a bet this was. We were feeding a bonfire with dollar bills.

I had almost zero other investments outside of Metalab, which was going through a slow period at the time.

By this point, I had invested millions of dollars, without even realizing it.

Just continual weekly injections over the course of years.

Death by a thousand paper cuts.

Then, Asana raised even more money and started pouring it into marketing.

Of course, we didn't believe in paid marketing—it seemed douchey and aggressive.

We focused on organic growth…

Until that point, we had just done Field of Dreams marketing:

"If you build it, they will come."

Well, nobody came. We were a fart in the wind.

Suddenly, Asana ads were everywhere.

Billboards. Bus stops. Conferences. Airports. Google. Facebook. Capterra.

Even our own Google keywords were plastered with "Asana vs. Flow" paid links.

We started burning money on ads and hiring salespeople just to keep a toehold, but mostly we focused on making the product better than theirs—our one remaining advantage.

But our product was suffering.

In order to stay competitive, we had underinvested in our engineering team due to cash constraints and stretched them across mobile, desktop, and web.

We started to get an endless stream of bug reports from our customers.

Our growth slowed. Then stalled.

20% monthly growth dropped to 5%.

Customers weren't getting the features they wanted.

The support inbox was filled with the same five words: "It's not syncing again."

Our team felt frustrated and under-resourced and we churned through staff.

We had to hit pause and spend years—literally years—rewriting all of our apps, only to emerge on the other side to see…

Asana had hired designers.

At first, a tiny little team. Nothing to worry about.

But after a year or two, they started hiring a huge team of incredible people.

One day I woke up to see that Asana had fully relaunched.

Their marketing site looked… great.

Better than ours.

Their new app, while not perfect, had all the features we wished we had time to make, worked on more platforms, and most importantly was fast and not buggy.

By this point, we were burning over $150,000 per month.

Chris was tearing his hair out and pointed out that we had burnt through something like $5 million with no end in sight.

Still, we powered on for years. We even doubled down and raised money—too little, too late—from some friends of mine.

We decided that we didn't need to "own the market."

We could just have a small slice of pie. We focused on base hits.

For a while, that looked like an okay strategy. Our meager slice of pie.

Our revenue growth slowed, but we kept on growing.

Until one day it didn't.

Churn caught up with us, customer acquisition cost became unprofitable (Asana and others could afford to spend way more due to higher lifetime value), bugs continued to dominate our time, and Asana and others kept making their product better.

By 2022, the comparison was brutal: they were simply better.

Their marketing is better.
Their product is better.
Their features are better.
Their enterprise support is better.
Their integrations are better.
They won. We lost.

Twelve years and over $10 million lit on fire. We waved the white flag.

Done burning money in a losing battle.

The writing was on the wall. Dustin was right.

We lost the war, due to my own inexperience, product myopia, and a lack of capital in a highly capital-intensive and competitive space.

We were forced to downsize to breakeven and shift to a team based in India to keep the remaining customers happy, and Flow became a shadow of its former self.

For the past three years, it's been on life support.

But this last week, we let it go gently into the good night.

I signed the documents to dissolve the company and exhaled a sigh of relief.

My most epic business disaster was finally over. With many expensive scars to show for it.

In retrospect, we were like Fiji waging war on the United States with a collection of AK-47s and speedboats vs. artillery and aircraft carriers.

We got obliterated. Obviously.

Looking back as a grizzled entrepreneur and investor, it was inevitable.

VCs, friends—hell, my own business partner—all walked me through this, but it took years to sink in.

It was a slow-motion train wreck.

A thousand paper cuts, driven by my complete inexperience and incompetence.

While I think that failure is the best teacher, I think it's even better to learn by reading about my failures in a newsletter instead of losing $10 million yourself.

In this instance, I learned a lot:

Don't bring a knife to a gun fight. If you are in a competitive VC-funded space, it's foolish to compete without raising money.
Product isn't enough. The best product doesn't always win, and the quality of your product is not a long-term competitive advantage.
Distribution matters. "Build it and they will come" only works in movies. In software, distribution beats organic growth nine times out of ten.
Avoid commodity categories. Every developer in the world wakes up thinking "I should build a to-do list app," and people love jumping between productivity apps and workflows. There is no moat in productivity—avoid it if you can.
Know your numbers. Running a SaaS business without deeply understanding churn, LTV, CAC, etc., is like flying a plane without instrumentation: really stupid and dangerous.
When something isn't working, cut your losses early and move on. Failure sneaks up on you slowly, then all at once.
Goodnight, sweet prince 🥲

Random Stuff:
I'm hosting a very odd conference in Maui.

One for lonely weirdos like me who run holding companies with many (sometimes dozens of) businesses.

I looked it up, and the term for people like us is "Conglomerateur." If you ever want to get punched in the face, introduce yourself as one!

We have some incredible speakers and attendees (Ben Gilbert from Acquired, and Tren Griffin from Microsoft, to name a few) and it's shaping up to be a great event.

If you run a holding company doing $25M+ across a variety of businesses, you should apply.

If Apple made an electric razor, it would look like this.

I just got a Laifen P3 Pro and I'm absolutely blown away by the design and build quality. China is really upping its game.

I got one of these little e-ink displays for our kitchen and I love it.

It's called TRMNL and I have it show countdowns to birthdays, holidays, and vacations, plus our family calendar. It's really well crafted and totally extensible. If you can code (or use ChatGPT) you can basically have it display anything you can dream up). The battery lasts forever and it's super thin and light. Very cool product.

On the one in my kitchen, I just added a countdown clock of how many days ChatGPT estimates I have before I die (17,451 days). Fun customization!

I'm obsessed with this paired down version of 'Strawberry Fields Forever' from The Beatles Anthology. So good (Spotify).

That's all for now…

-Andrew

Did you enjoy this newsletter? Say thanks by checking out one of my businesses:

Find a designer on Dribbble
Make the perfect morning coffee using an AeroPress
Review a movie on Letterboxd
Get hyper-caffeinated on Mateina
Buy a bronze bust of Charlie Munger or Warren Buffett
Hire Metalab to design or build your next app or website
Or go check out one of our many other business
Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




How I Succeed by Starting Companies That (Mostly) Fail
November 7, 2025
How to succeed by failing (over and over again).

I've started over a dozen companies.

I'm not bragging—most of them have failed.

But here's what I learned after twenty years of winning by losing.

Here's my track record:
(Ranked by success, failure, or TBD — my definition of success: profitable, sustainable, employed people, and with happy customers.)

Metalab — product design agency — ✅ Success
Ballpark — small business invoicing software — ✅ Success
Tumblize — Tumblr theme agency — ❌ Failure
Pixel Union — Shopify theme business — ✅ Success
Flow — project management software — ❌ Failure
Medeo — virtual walk-in medical clinic — ❌ Failure
Famous Original — pizza restaurant — ❌ Failure
Overstory — local news business — ❌ Failure
HJ Mews — cat furniture company — ❌ Failure
Supercast — paid podcast software — ✅ Success
8020 — no-code design agency — ✅ Success
WeCommerce — Shopify holding company — ✅ Success
Tenzing — investment bank — ❌ Failure
Waking Up — meditation app with Sam Harris — ✅ Success
Vibe — AI personal stylist — ❌ Failure
Atoms — habit tracking app with James Clear — ⚙️ TBD
LabProof — microplastics testing business — ⚙️ TBD
Pressure Pros — pressure washing business — ⚙️ TBD
Download — social media agency — ⚙️ TBD
Digital People — AI automation agency — ⚙️ TBD
Roughly a 40% success rate with 60% failure.

Trust me, I felt the failures. They sucked. In one, I lost over $10 million of my own money.

But fortunately, when you average it all out, I've won.

The businesses that failed cost me far less than the profits (or exits) of the companies that succeeded.

My Strategy Has Evolved
My strategy for starting companies has changed a lot over the last twenty years.

When I first became an entrepreneur, I was impulsive.

I'd meet someone I liked and blurt out: "Want a job?" (this had a 90% failure rate, but this is how I started working with Chris - that story's in my book)

Or I'd think of a business idea in the shower and have founded a company by noon.

I once heard Richard Branson use the phrase "screw it, let's do it!" and immediately latched onto it. An endorsement of my chaos.

I was yes before no. All gas and no brakes.

And once I started these companies, things got even more chaotic.

I'd run five businesses as CEO at the same time, barely able to keep track of what was happening in any of them. Always rushing off to put out a fire in one to the detriment of another.

Sure, I had great people working for me, but I'd usually put the wrong people in the wrong roles and get the incentives wrong.

These businesses usually ended how you'd imagine. The list above is a graveyard littered with many failures. Basically, the world's most stressful real-world MBA.

Of course, this is the nature of starting companies. The reality is that most fail. Which is one of the key reasons why I switched to buying businesses.

In 2014, when I made the transition, I realized something simple but profound:

It's a lot easier to add more logs to a bonfire than to blow on embers to start a fire.

Why I Still Start Companies
But as much as I've tried to focus on buying businesses, I've always been drawn to starting companies.

Why? Because starting a new business is a joy.

Manifesting an idea. Making stuff happen. Scratching your own itch. Changing the world, even if it's in a tiny way that only you care about.

This is why I still start companies, despite the majority of my income now coming from investing.

While my main job is buying wonderful companies and trying not to mess them up, I can't stop starting new ones.

It's so much fun, plus I think it makes me better at my job.

Warren Buffett put it well:

"I'm a better businessman because I'm an investor, and a better investor because I'm a businessman."

Chris and I wouldn't be half as good at buying businesses if we hadn't operated so many ourselves.

We learned the hard way—sticking our forks into every electrical socket possible along the way.

Over time, we learned what separates good businesses from bad ones. Over time, patterns emerged: what a healthy P&L looks like, where the hidden levers are, and which opportunities move the needle.

Books and MBA case studies can teach you the theory, but scars are more effective teachers. Every painful mistake enhanced our mental models.

Our experience taught us that businesses aren't spreadsheets—they're messy systems of people and processes. Many new investors miss this when they assume you can "just raise margins by 10%."

My Recipe for Starting a Successful (Profitable) Business
1. A Simple, Non-Binary Business Model
Think of it like going to the gym. If you're starting your first business, don't try to deadlift 300 pounds. Start with the baby weights. Something simple, profitable, and hard to screw up.

You can describe it to your parents and whether it does $1M or $100M of revenue, it can be profitable and sustainable.

I don't like businesses that are all or nothing. Most entrepreneurs are dopamine seeking, and I think quick positive feedback (revenue and profits) is critical, especially when starting out. Many shoot-for-the-moon types would disagree with me—that's ok.

For most people, the goal of starting a business is twofold: freedom and financial security. A low stakes, high likelihood of success vs. a venture backed startup is a far more likely way to achieve both.

2. Low Competition and Complexity
The easier the business is to operate and the fewer smart competitors you have, the better.

Bad: An AI startup. Endless venture capitalists all funding the same or similar ideas to compete with you. High chance of failure, infinite competition, requires hiring top Silicon Valley talent and keeping them.

Good: You find out that all the restaurants in town have to clean their own grease traps and hate doing it. You start a grease trap cleaning and hauling business. Zero competition. Solid margins. High need that won't go away. Relatively simple to execute.

If you do choose to enter a high competition category, then you need to own distribution in some way or have an unfair advantage. For example:

A few years ago, we partnered with Andrew Huberman on Mateina, a canned yerba mate business. Normally we would run screaming from space (highly competitive and misery inducing), but we had an unfair advantage: Andrew's reputation and authentic love of yerba mate. It was worth taking the risk because having him as our business partner created a brand halo, made distribution easy, and added millions in free advertising.

3. Obvious Need
It should be obvious why this business exists. You need to be solving a problem that people struggle with, and often the best business ideas come from your own struggles. Think about your life. What is making it difficult or annoying? Invert and work backwards from there.

It's critical that when you explain your offering to a potential customer, they immediately know exactly why they need it.

Bad: A travel roller bag that has a built in red light therapy panel. Is anybody asking for this? No, and therefore you need to spend endless time educating them on why they'd want it.

Good: Pressure washing. Anyone can look at their driveway and see it's filthy and covered in moss. They'll pay money to make that go away.

4. A Co-Founder to Operate the Business
This is one of my biggest learnings—a business cannot exist off the side of my desk.

I always have a bunch of business ideas floating around in my head, and I sometimes spend years quietly watching out for a co-founder to start them with.

For example: I own a bunch of small local businesses (a restaurant, a deli, a hotel, a pub) and for the life of me I couldn't find a good social media agency for small businesses.

For years, the idea of starting a social media agency bounced around in my head like a pinball, then one day I was at the local university speaking to some business school students and two of them approached me: Aiden and Hiroko.

For a class project, they had helped a beloved local business with their social media and significantly boosted their following. They showed me the videos they made and I was really impressed. They had great taste.

Then it clicked in my head—I'd met my co-founders! A few weeks later, we'd launched download, a social media agency.

(If you need web design or social management, they are amazing - you should hire them)

Bad: A founder or co-founder who is half-in. They have a day job and they're just doing this for fun. Or maybe they're already financially secure. Wins don't mean that much.

Good: Young and hungry, with a deep desire to win. They have something to prove and the business is all they can think about. When they get their first dividend check, it's a life-changing revelation. They care 10x more than you do.

Important detail: Your co-founder must read books or otherwise have a mechanism for improvement (mentorship, support groups, podcasts, etc), otherwise they are doomed to fail. I've seen this time and time again—anytime I co-found a business with somebody who isn't a learning machine, the business fails.

This is what works for me because of my personality—you might be focused enough to not need a co-founder at all, or need a different type.

The Visionary and the Integrator
This is something I've only recently been able to formalize—and it's been a revelation.

Earlier this year, I got diagnosed with ADHD and suddenly my entire way of being made sense.

I'm an inch deep and a mile wide. I come up with more ideas than I can act on, and I have boundless optimism.

But I'm terrible with details and follow-through. I forget what was just agreed to the moment I leave the room and get overwhelmed fast.

This has always made me strong on strategy and bad at execution. I know all the dance moves, but can't stay focused long enough to perform them.

The way I've solved this is through delegation. I've never been successful without a team of incredible people around me who don't have ADHD as a counter balance. Serious operators who care about details, push back when needed, and actually run the machine.

This used to frustrate me. I thought, if I just read more books on management or optimized my systems, I'd finally become a great leader.

Turns out, I just needed to stop fighting my wiring.

After twenty years, I've realized: nope. That's just not me.

Last year, we implemented a system called EOS (Entrepreneur's Operating System) in one of my companies. I was skeptical—another management fad promising to fix everything. But to my surprise, it worked.

In fact, it's made me happier at work than I've been in decades.

EOS leans into what founders actually are: manic chaos agents bursting with ideas. The "screw it, let's do it" types. It says every great company needs two roles: a visionary and an integrator.

The visionary sets direction and ideas. The integrator makes them happen—turning chaos into order, creating structure, and driving execution. (Think Steve Jobs and Tim Cook.)

We hired a consultant, Jay Evanow, to help us set it up. In our first session, he really pissed me off.

Every time I volunteered for a task, he said, "Andrew, you're the visionary—you don't own any tasks."

"F*ck you, Jay!" I thought, as my cheeks reddened. What am I, totally incapable of doing anything on my own?

Then it hit me. Had I ever been good at running the details of any business I'd started? The answer was a deafening no. Jay was right.

A year and a half later, my work life is unrecognizable. I get to laser-focus on what I love—vision, ideas, and driving opportunity—with almost zero deliverables or deadlines.

It's the highest level of delegation I've ever achieved, and it's made me a far better entrepreneur.

Because once I saw this pattern in myself—the need for an integrator to channel my chaos—I started spotting it everywhere.

A visionary without an integrator, or an integrator without a visionary = failure.

If any of this resonates, and you are an ADHD type, you need to partner with someone who can counter balance your chaos.

Incentives: The Most Important Ingredient
The final, and most important ingredient for business success is the right incentives.

Even the best ideas die when the incentives are wrong.

In the early days of Metalab, I used to tear my hair out, wondering, "Why am I the only one who cares about driving profit?"

In retrospect, the answer is obvious: because I was the only one who benefited from it! As soon as I changed that (bonuses based on our net profit), everyone cared about the growth of the business.

The P&L Must Deliver Tangible Rewards
If your co-founder or employee closes a big deal in December, they should get a big fat dividend or bonus in January. I see way too many people pay bonuses out annually, or even reinvest the cash. Sometimes this can make sense, but I think it's critical that a newbie founder/entrepreneur/young executive gets to celebrate and feel their financial wins.

Remember: often they have turned down some post college job offer to do this business with you. Their friends are starting to make money. They must feel they are winning, not just see they're winning on a financial statement. That's just a number. They need it to hit their bank account.

I've always noticed people's behavior change towards profit when they directly benefit from it.

Equity Based on Shared Risk and Outcomes
For a business started from zero, I think it's a requirement to give a co-founder equity. But a critical mistake is forgetting reverse vesting and tying it to results.

I've had many businesses where I start something, give a co-founder 30%, then they leave 6 months later after adding no value. Reverse vesting plus the option to buy them out if they leave is critical. Remember: every % given up = a % of all future profits for life. They need to deliver their side of the bargain in order to get that equity.

Young people often don't understand the value of equity, so I think it's also important to walk them through what their equity could be worth in different scenarios.

I remember giving an early employee an equity grant worth hundreds of thousands of dollars, then weeks later he walked in and said he wanted a raise. I pointed to the equity. His reply: "I can't buy a couch with equity." He didn't get it because I hadn't explained it.

A Scoreboard That Drives Wins
KPIs. OKRs. Metrics. EOS calls these key numbers the "scoreboard", and company goals "rocks". These are the numbers and milestones that drive the business, and it's critical that everyone within the company, from leadership down, knows how they contribute to these numbers and what they get if they grow them.

Example: Someone in marketing might be aligned and incentivized on the number of inbound leads coming in per month. This number gets looked at weekly, and huge bonuses get paid when certain milestones are hit.

The Path Forward
Of course, this is just my recipe. There's a million different ways to think about starting companies, but these are the lottery numbers that worked for me.

Your path will be different, but I wanted to share the story of how a lot of failure has driven long-term success.

Fail a bunch, learn the patterns, and always keep adding logs to the fire.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved





I want you to hate me
September 9, 2025
Hello friend,

Why you're getting this: this is my Friends Newsletter, a brain dump of interesting things that I send to interesting people I've met and friends I want to stay in touch with. Zero pressure to stick around—just click unsubscribe if you don't want to get it (don't worry, I won't be notified).

Travel Bulletin: I'm in Toronto at TIFF this week. Anything cool happening?

Here's what I'm thinking about…

I want you to hate me.
I want you to read my newsletters and seethe.

To think, "God, he's just THE WORST," as you hate-scroll.

Or mutter "fucking tool" when I say something obnoxious on a podcast, white-knuckling the steering wheel.

Not all of you. Just some.

Maybe 2-3%—that's the sweet spot.

Ten years ago, this would have struck me as insane. I would have wanted the opposite.

Because in 2013 I read a quote that changed my life:

"It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it."

This is a famous line by Warren Buffett—someone many of us have modeled our lives after.

This advice, while valuable in moderation, became toxic when I took it to the extreme.

Why?

Because it's impossible.

After reading it, I became obsessed with how I came across to others.

I thought that everyone—online and off—had to walk away from every interaction liking me.

One negative article, one misstatement, one failed commitment, and I'd be toast.

I had to do exactly what I said and follow through. My behavior had to be consistent and predictable.

After all, that's how a reputation is built. Brick by boring brick. Until one day, you die, honorable and forgotten forever.

This idea crystallized one afternoon at a pub with my dad. He had recently retired from architecture, so took him out for a celebratory drink and asked what he wanted to do next.

"You've always wanted to build your own buildings," I said, taking a sip of my beer. "Why not become a real estate developer? With all your contacts, you could get up and running in no time."

"Andrew," he replied, leaning back in his chair. "Once people put you in a mental box, they punish you for leaving it. In their minds, I'm in the 'architect' box. If I suddenly called them up and pitched a real estate development, it would hurt me more than starting fresh. Everyone hates it when you change boxes."

My stomach dropped—I knew he was right. I'd felt it a million times, though I hadn't quite put my finger on why.

Nothing made me cringe harder than the restaurateur friend pitching me on his tech startup. Or my yoga instructor getting their real estate license and trying to sell me a house. Or my lawyer announcing they're becoming a psychotherapist.

I'm ashamed to admit it, but my gut reaction was always: "Stay in your lane."

Which is particularly hypocritical given how often I want to flip flop through everything myself: hobbies, businesses, communities, opinions—you name it. I hate in others what I secretly hate about myself.

We're all desperate to put one another in these boxes. I often get labeled "investor" or "entrepreneur". But even within that, there are sub-boxes. Tech investor, not real estate. Software businesses, not physical products. Bootstrapped, not venture. Crypto skeptic vs. crypto bull. Each label becomes another bar on the cage.

And we love punishing people for leaving it…

David Solomon runs Goldman Sachs, but when word got out that he DJs on weekends? The financial press went apoplectic (I can't imagine they would have said the same if he was golfing).

Jonah Hill starts surfing? Instant meme fodder.

Kim Kardashian passes the bar to fight for prison reform? A vanity project.

Michael Jordan wants to play baseball? Abject betrayal.

We're all prison guards, basically. Making sure everyone stays in their assigned cells.

Why? Because our brains are prediction machines. They get upset when people behave in a manner that doesn't meet their predictions. Thus, step out of your box, and people (and their brains) won't like it.

This happens to me often.

There are people who know me based on my public business persona. They know me as a Buffett wannabe, building a holding company using value investing principles.

This is true. But I also love learning by jumping into random new projects that don't fit this mold.

My portfolio includes all sorts of businesses that would give Warren Buffett hives. I've lost my shirt starting restaurants. Acquired failing newspapers. Invested in companies with a 1 in 100 chance of working.

Tiny continues to buy wonderful businesses at fair prices (the Warren Buffett playbook), but the rest of my life doesn't fit neatly into that "value investor" box.

I am both a disciplined value investor and a creator of chaotic startups across dozens of industries. These two things aren't supposed to coexist.

It's not just me. I recently polled a group of close friends and asked them what they would do for work if they couldn't do their current job.

One response struck me in particular:

A friend runs a huge industrial holding company, but he told me that if nobody was watching, he'd sell it and start his own restaurant.

And better yet, he wouldn't just be the owner. He'd be the chef, sweating it out behind an oven in the back.

His true, authentic passion is cooking, but he feels like he could never step out of the life and reputation he'd established for himself to follow his passion.

What would people say?

That he'd lost his mind, left his successful business in a completely different industry, and gone off to start…a restaurant?

Imagine the gossip and judgement he'd face.

You might think charitably of yourself. That you'd hear that he'd started a restaurant and think, "good for him." But let's be real: you'd likely delight in the gossip and think "stay in your lane," just like everyone else.

Deep inside, you might even subconsciously hate him for it, or want him to fail. Because he did the thing you're too scared to do yourself.

He'd have escaped the same prison you're in. Against the rules. Not fair!

So instead, he continues to do what we all do: shrug and continue to live in society's reputational cage.

I'm sure way too many of you are nodding along. Most of us do this to one degree or another.

I've lived in a cage like this for decades.

This applies to many things. Legal degrees. Bad marriages. Letting down your parents. Moving away from the city you swore you'd never leave. The industry you've spent 20 years building credibility in.

Each, a promise or commitment made by a different person—the person you were before you changed in whatever way it is you've changed. A sort of reputational quicksand, each step out harder than the last.

For me, this obsession with maintaining reputation—playing by these inflexible rules—was a recipe for misery.

If I continued playing the game, I had three equally terrible options:

Terrible Option 1: Hide and say nothing. Fly under the radar. Be a cipher. (Impossible, for an extreme extrovert like me.)

Terrible Option 2: Become a caricature of myself. A personal brand instead of a person. Avoid doing anything controversial.

Terrible Option 3: Live a double life. Perform one thing and do another in secret. The world wouldn't catch on and give me the corresponding social beating, but I also wouldn't get to share my passion with others.

For a long time, I chose Terrible Option 3. I toned down the things I mentioned publicly and didn't talk about many of my projects because they didn't fit the template.

It felt inauthentic. Like, with every passing day, a little piece of me was dissolving.

I realized it had gone too far when I found myself deleting a tweet for the fourth time. Not because it was wrong or offensive, but because someone, somewhere, might misinterpret it.

I was slowly drifting towards becoming what I'd always mocked.

A corporate politician. A beige person. Human vanilla extract.

Then, in January, I came across a book called The Courage to Be Disliked.

I needed this book. So much that I actually felt personally attacked by it.

The core message is that seeking recognition from others is a trap.

We bend ourselves into pretzels trying to meet everyone's expectations, but it's impossible. You literally cannot make everyone happy. And trying to do so means living someone else's life, not your own.

The book argues that having the courage to be disliked is the only path to freedom. Not by being an asshole, just accepting that living authentically means some people won't like you.

Reading it felt like someone finally handed me the keys to my own cell.

It gave me permission to start breaking the rules. I was done with the likability game. I was going to have the courage to be disliked. Hated, even.

To live authentically, I would do what I wanted to do, and talk about what I wanted to talk about, so long as it didn't hurt anyone else in an unfair way.

Change my mind. Be unpredictable. Jump around.

That became my 2025 resolution.

Now, to be clear, we're talking about a very specific type of reputation. What the public at large thinks about you.

Should you maintain a reputation as a fair and ethical partner, whether it's romantic, social, or business?

Absolutely.

But should you obsess over what the world would think, as Mr. Buffett puts it, imagining every action appearing on the front page of The New York Times?

In most situations, absolutely not.

I stopped playing for universal approval. I chose the courage to be disliked. That means I'll say things some people won't like, and I'm okay with that.

Disappointing people is the price of an authentic life.

So here's my dare:

Let someone down today. Say the thing that's been rotting in your chest.

Start small. Post your anime fan fiction. Tell your gym bros you love Pilates.

Then, go bigger. End the relationship everyone thinks is perfect but is actually miserable. Admit what you thought was your dream job is a nightmare. Tell your business partner you want out. Stop pretending you enjoy the thing that's slowly killing you.

Watch what happens: 90% won't notice or care. 8% will respect you more. 2% will hate you.

And you'll feel free for the first time in years.

Because here's what I learned: The cage only exists if you believe in the bars.

I'd rather have 2% hate the real me than 100% applaud a performance.

PS: Thanks to all you hate-scrollers. I couldn't do it without you.

Other Updates
A few weeks ago, I hosted my third annual Interesting People event.

I'm still buzzing. I recently described the feeling to a friend as a "low grade MDMA high that lasted for 3 days". Everyone gelled perfectly, we got lucky with the weather and logistics, and most importantly, we packed the room with 150 fascinating people from the worlds of science, comedy, business, and philanthropy.

It was easily our best one yet. I'll write more about it soon, but in the meantime, here's a few highlights:

Dan Mangan making me cry like a baby (and delivering one of the best live performances I've ever seen - check out his new album, it's beautiful)
Alex Forman and Nash Park ruthlessly roasting my friend Julien when he revealed he owns a Jurassic Park themed jeep
Will Mannon opening for Hannibal Buress… in Mandarin
Doing a sauna session with Sauna Royalty, Dr. Rhonda Patrick and Dr. Ashley Mason
Matthew Dicks explaining the best way to punch someone (through their head)
Learning to write Onion headlines with Scott Dikkers
Jon Glaser reading letters that revealed that his dead dad was In Z.Z. Top (the book he wrote about it is hilarious and his new comedy album almost made me crash my car from laughing so hard)
Me and my brother dropping to our knees to do a Wayne and Garth style "We're Not Worthy!" when we met Bill Oakley
I honestly can't believe how well it went. A huge thank you to my friends Monica Lim and Nick Gray who help me put it on every year 🙏

Speaking of events, I'm hosting one for lonely conglomerateurs (yes, that's a word 🤢, and if you ever want to get punched in the face, introduce yourself as one).

There are tons of support groups for executives and CEOs, but none for folks who run holding companies. It's a unique role with a rare structure and set of challenges.

Frankly, it can be pretty isolating because there are so few people who can relate to our problems (of which there are many: perverse incentives, compensation negotiations, reporting complexities, etc).

In fact, I so rarely meet people who I can talk to about these problems with that I had to start my own event. It turns out, there are dozens of us!

I hosted the first Conglomerateurs meetup in May in Vancouver, and it was incredible. We assembled a collection representing hundreds of companies and many billions of dollars in revenue across the group. We spent 3 days diving into our collective problems in a super confidential format, and everyone really clicked.

Now, we're doing it again. In early January. It will be very intimate, with less than than 30 people attending.

This one is in Maui at my absolute favorite resort, and we're giving everyone the option to bring their families along to enjoy the resort while we talk business, and I've got some incredible guest speakers coming.

We have a few spots open, so if you run an at-scale holding company ($25M+ in revenue, at least three businesses, serial acquirer) and you're looking for your tribe, you should apply.

Do you want people to like you?
The answer is very simple: ask questions.

I was recently on the East Coast for business and I had lunch with someone who, no joke, over the course of an almost two hour meal, went on a monologue about himself and asked me exactly zero questions.

At the end of the meal, as we were walking out of the restaurant, he remarked, "man, that was fun!"

It was. For him.

People feel good when you ask them questions, and I had done nothing but.

I'm partly to blame for this. I'm an inveterate question asker, and it can sometimes cause people to ramble. But this was next level.

The sad truth is that this isn't uncommon—not in my experience, and apparently not in others' either. I regularly hear from women whose dates launch into similar monologues. And that's on a first date, when you'd expect people to be at their most self-aware.

Harvard researchers quantified this effect: across multiple studies involving hundreds of conversations, people who asked more questions were consistently rated as more likable by their conversation partners. The effect was particularly strong for follow-up questions—those that build on what someone just shared.

So, my friends, here are a few of my favorite questions to ask people:

When someone shares something as a quick aside (that they got divorced, their business failed, they had their first kid—whatever), ask:

"What was that like for you?"
"How did that change things?"
"What led you to that decision?"
These always lead somewhere interesting.

Conversations should be a game of tennis, rallying back and forth. It's no fun to hit the ball against the wall by yourself.

Want better conversations? Follow the golden rule: in your next conversation, aim for a 50/50 split between sharing and asking. Notice how different it feels, and how much more your conversation partner lights up.

David Brooks wrote a book I loved that deep dives on this exact topic last year. It's called How To Know a Person and it's required reading for anyone who aspires to be an exceptional conversationalist.

Eight Sleep Review
"I want to send you something I'm working on…"

Ugh. My friend Matteo asked to send me his mattress gadget. I didn't want it.

I knew it would end up rotting in my basement with all the other expensive health tech, next to my Theragun, red-light therapy panel, and infrared-sauna blanket.

I guarantee you've heard of Matteo's company: Eight Sleep.

Every podcaster won't shut up about it. It's a temperature-controlled mattress pad that supposedly optimizes your sleep.

But I thought it was unnecessary. I blast my AC at arctic levels and the idea of a water-filled pad on my bed seemed like a disaster waiting to happen.

So, when the box arrived, I ignored it for three months.

Matteo kept texting: "How do you like it?"

After his fourth follow-up, guilt won out. I explained to Zoe that he'd sent it, and it was expensive so we had to try it.

She was unimpressed. She was already bothered by my gadget addiction, and now it was invading our bedroom.

The first night, I didn't notice much. But to my surprise, Zoe loved it.

For years she'd been waking up in the middle of the night, too hot or too cold, tossing and turning for hours. The Eight Sleep had automatically adjusted her temperature all night and prevented it.

It turns out that women's hormonal cycles cause wild temperature fluctuations during sleep, and Eight Sleep tunes your side of the bed based on your age and gender.

It's pretty cool. It learns your patterns and preferences, then adjusts accordingly—cooling for deep sleep, warming for REM, then gently heating to wake you up in the morning.

For me, it took three weeks to notice the benefits. But then I discovered something that might have saved my relationship: the sleep tracking showed exactly when and how much I snored.

I snore. Really badly. Zoe used to elbow me awake 3-4 times every single night.

The app showed me exactly when and how much I snored and I became obsessed with my "snoring score." Side sleeping—20% reduction. Breathe Right strips—a further 50% drop.

Within six weeks, I'd cut my snoring by 70%. No more elbowing.

Now, we both wake up feeling more refreshed. We're eight months in, and we're hooked.

I know the last thing you think you need is a mattress cooling system, but I'm telling you, DO IT.

Check out Eight Sleep here

PS: Matteo gave me a discount code: NEVERENOUGH (saves you $300)

Rediscovering The Beatles
I've been rediscovering The Beatles.

My love affair started the moment I hit play on Rubber Soul…

I was fourteen and I'd just gotten a Sony Discman. On the way out the door, I grabbed an interesting looking CD case with four shaggy-headed dudes on it from my parents' music collection and threw it into my backpack.

I pushed the shiny disc into the player, threw on my headphones, and listened to the album straight through as I gazed out the window on a sunny drive to a cabin we'd rented for the summer.

It instantly clicked. The perfect album, and one I've listened to hundreds of times since.

Over the past few days, I've been devouring John & Paul: A Love Story in Songs, Ian Leslie's wonderful new book about the relationship between John Lennon and Paul McCartney. If you're into The Beatles, or even just interested in how creativity happens, it's a great read. It's been the perfect way to revisit their epic catalog (195 songs) and discover the stories behind each track.

Today, I've been driving around blasting I'm Looking Through You, which, beneath the psychedelic riffs, captures McCartney's painful realization that his girlfriend had fundamentally changed: that the person he'd fallen for was no longer the same person sitting across from him. I'd been listening to this song for decades without even knowing what it was about.

Trust me on this one: if you like The Beatles, read this book.

More importantly, if you don't like The Beatles, then this needs to be rectified ASAP. Stop what you're doing and listen to Rubber Soul all the way through, otherwise we can't be friends.

Random Stuff:
The new Naked Gun movie is absolutely hilarious. I think it's the first movie I've seen in theaters with my sons (6 and 8) where we all laughed our heads off together. Akiva Shaffer (The Lonely Island), the director, never fails to bust my guts. Trailer
I enjoyed this conversation with my friend Lydia Chen on her podcast Escape 9 to 5. You can listen to it on Spotify.
Messages are ruining my life. Hundreds a day and they're split across iMessage, WhatsApp, Signal, and Slack and having to jump between all those apps to keep the notifications at bay stresses the hell out of me. But not anymore, thanks to Beeper. It's like Superhuman for texts and combines all of these services into one insanely fast, keyboard-driven interface. So good.
Nerdy Finance Question: I need a venture fund admin service to mark all our investments + manage day-to-day operations + track investor updates for my 150 or so personal venture investments + the Tiny Rolling Fund. Who's the best? Would love some recommendations. Email Ben if you know someone great.
I'm hiring a full-time AI automation nerd to work with me to help me with personal automations + some workflows within my various businesses. You: eat, live, and breathe Lindy, Airtable, and the like. Have never seen a task you can't automate. Are insanely high paced and obsessed with AI. Email me examples (ideally in a Loom) of some of the cool automations you've built. FULL-TIME ONLY, with a three-month contract to start.
Victoria Stuff:
A nice new restaurant opened in Oak Bay. It's called Liv Bistro. I've been for dinner a few times and been impressed. Check it out.
Need a personal trainer? Talk to my trainer, Tameer. He's a competitive powerlifter, super down-to-earth (critical for a trainer), and he comes to your home (huge time saver). He has a few spots opening for new clients.
If you like Vietnamese food, I'm hooked on Original Pho. There's two locations, one in Langford and one on Fort Street—both are great.
That's all for now…

-Andrew

Did you enjoy this newsletter? Say thanks by checking out one of my businesses:

Find a designer on Dribbble
Make the perfect morning coffee using an AeroPress
Review a movie on Letterboxd
Get hyper-caffeinated on Mateina
Buy a bronze bust of Charlie Munger or Warren Buffett
Hire Metalab to design or build your next app or website
Or go check out one of our many other business
Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson

Forwarded this message? Sign up here.

PO Box 42052 RPO Oak Bay, Victoria, BC V8R 6T4

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved





She pushed the needle into my arm...
June 30, 2025
Hello friend,

Why you’re getting this: this is my Friends Newsletter, a brain dump of interesting things that I send to interesting people I've met and friends I want to stay in touch with. Zero pressure to stick around—just click unsubscribe if you don’t want to get it (don’t worry, I won’t be notified).

Here’s what I’m thinking about…

She pushed the needle into my arm. A little poke, a second of discomfort.​
​
No going back now. My palms started gushing sweat.
​
​I lay down on the couch and the nurse passed me an eye mask and a pair of noise-cancelling headphones. I slipped them on while she checked my vitals one last time.
​
Then darkness.
​
Nothing.
​
Minutes crawled by as I listened to the pulse of mellow electronic music and forced myself to breathe.
​
Why did I agree to this, I wondered. I hated drugs.
​
I flashed back to that unexpected hug outside my kids’ school.
​
A few months before, I had run into my friend Faisal at school drop-off. He walked right over to me, beaming, and gave me a massive bear hug.
​
This caught me off guard. It was totally out of character. After all, Faisal doesn't hug. He barely shakes hands. He’s the very definition of nonplussed. Always calm, quiet, and controlled—sometimes with a touch of melancholy.
​
Now, he seemed like a new man. Bright, expressive, and suddenly…a hugger?
​
As I thought back to this moment, lying on the brown couch in the clinic, a minute after my injection, I started sinking.
​
Deeper and deeper.
​
Not into the couch, but through it. The music warped, stretching around me like taffy. My body felt heavy, then weightless, then…just gone.
​
I melted into something warm and formless. Like my body was dissolving, spreading like cake batter across space.
​
Then, a few moments later, I died.
​
At least that's what it felt like.
​
The injection I had just received was a drug called ketamine, and it had transformed Faisal’s life. I was wondering if it could do the same for me.
​
After battling depression for over 35 years, a single injection of ketamine had taken Faisal from managed melancholy to joyous and thriving in a matter of hours.
​
His depression had lifted completely. For the first time in decades, he felt light. Free of his mental shackles.
​
After witnessing his transformation, I went down a rabbit hole of research.
​
How could this be?
​
We all know that psychedelics had their moment in the ‘60s. Hippies. Timothy Leary. Turn on, tune in, drop out. The summer of love.
​
Then, Altamont and Charles Manson. The government quickly freaked out and banned it all, and for forty years, nobody could even study them.
​
Fifteen years ago, a few brave scientists at Johns Hopkins and NYU decided to risk their careers and start running trials again. They figured if these drugs were so dangerous, the data would show it.
​
Not only did the data show that they were safe, but the results have been nothing short of remarkable.
​
Johns Hopkins found that 80% of cancer patients showed significant reductions in depression and anxiety after a single psilocybin session—effects that lasted six months.
​
Another study showed that 67% of PTSD patients no longer qualified for the diagnosis after three MDMA sessions.
​
Wilder still, with small doses of ketamine, a dissociative anesthetic, people whose lives had been destroyed by crippling depression were walking out of clinics crying tears of relief after a single hour-long session.
​
Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors (SSRIs), drugs like Prozac and Cipralex have rescued many from depression and anxiety. I know this from personal experience (I’ve taken Vortioxetine for five years, and it has changed my life). But for many, they leave lingering symptoms, and for some, they don’t work at all. These were the people that ketamine seemed to help most — those who had tried everything else, then experienced a miracle.
​
Before my friend Faisal found antidepressants, it was so bad he sometimes couldn’t leave his bed and, at times, even contemplated ending his life. SSRIs had saved him, but they were not completely effective. While he was able to function on them, he still didn't feel like he was at his best. The symptoms were managed, not gone.
​
But after ketamine, he said that he felt his depression symptoms were nonexistent, and stayed that way for months after treatment.
​
Faisal's transformation amazed me so much that I decided I had to try it.
​
But I wasn't depressed. My thing has always been anxiety.
​
You know that feeling when you're nervous and your palms feel like there’s electric current running through them? That tight feeling in your chest, like you can’t get enough air to relax?
​
That's me, 24/7—usually for no good reason.
​
My brain is a cruel master, constantly warning of looming doom in my health, business, or family if I don't act RIGHT NOW.
​
Sure, I had moments of calm presence, looking in the rearview mirror, reflecting on past concerns, wondering what I was so stressed about. But it rarely lasted long, and poor sleep, work stress, and a busy life frequently caused my anxiety to boil over.
​
As they had for Faisal, taking SSRIs had made a profound difference and turned the volume down on my anxiety, but I was curious if ketamine could provide more lasting relief.
​
To be honest though, I was vaguely terrified of psychedelics. They scared the hell out of me. I’d sworn off recreational drug use years ago, after a five-gram psilocybin mushroom trip that left me wrecked for months.
​
The way I put it to a friend was:
​
​"When I do mushrooms, it feels like I'm in a hedge maze, and four out of five routes contain a clown with a chainsaw.”​
​
So, as you can imagine, I was nervous as hell to try ketamine. But as I researched it more deeply, I was comforted by a few things:
​
- It only lasts an hour.
​
- It has a much lower incidence of “bad trips.” Ketamine is a dissociative anesthetic, not a classic psychedelic. Users often feel detached from their body/emotions and can gain perspective (rather than confronting the killer clowns directly 😂).
​
- It’s administered in a clinical setting. There's a whole process: doctors’ referrals, psychological screening, medical evaluations, therapy and integration. This is actual medicine, administered by actual doctors and nurses who monitor your vitals and can intervene if anything goes wrong.
​
- It’s remarkably safe. It's been used as an anesthetic in hospitals for over 50 years—they even give it to kids having surgery. Unlike other drugs, you can't really overdose on it, and it doesn't suppress your breathing or heart rate.
​
So, I gulped and signed up for a session at a local ketamine clinic.
​
Back on the couch that day, tripping balls, something big shifted inside of me.
​
It felt like I was being dissolved.
​
Broken down into individual atoms.
​
That I no longer existed.
​
That I had died, and this was the in-between space between life and death.
​
This sounds scary, but oddly, it wasn’t. It felt calm and peaceful. Like I’d zoomed out on life and the thing I feared most wasn’t so scary after all.
​
What I experienced during the trips was so abstract that it’s difficult to describe, but here are a few things I experienced/felt.
​
At one point I had a vision of a nuclear bomb blast approaching me. The blast wave rushed toward me, incinerating everything in its path. I should have been terrified, but I wasn't. Just before impact, it stopped. An invisible dome surrounded me and my family and friends.
​
The realization: me and my loved ones. It was us against the world.
​
I had this feeling: Keep them safe, and everything will be fine. That it was all that mattered.
​
Later, new images flooded in. Memories I hadn't touched in decades surfaced.
​
One struck me hard.
​
I was eight years old. My friend and I had tricked my younger brother into a wooden box. We slammed the lid and sat on top. His screams echoed from inside, his small fists pounding against the wood. Muffled terror.
​
Lying there in the clinic, thirty years later, I felt tears stream down my face. I felt his panic, his betrayal. I'd been angry at someone else but took it out on him—the weakest target available.
​
I felt a deep sense of shame wash over me.
​
Each session lasted an hour but felt like weeks. As the ketamine wore off, I'd surface slowly, pulling off the eye mask to find myself back in the beige clinic room, saying "Wow..." over and over, like a tripped-out Owen Wilson.
​
I called my brother right after and apologized for what happened when we were kids—something I'd been carrying around for thirty years like a sharp pebble in my shoe. While he could barely remember it, he appreciated the apology.
​
This phone call—something I might have felt but never been able to say—was particularly interesting. And I’ve made many more similar calls after the sessions since.
​
After wrapping four treatments, I've been struggling to describe the experience.
​
I told a friend about it over coffee the other day, and I sounded like a lunatic.
​
"It felt like I got melted down into cake batter, then spread all over the world," I told him, watching his face contort with concern. “And like…nothing really matters except your friends and family.”
​
See, this is the problem with trying to describe a high-dose psychedelic experience. It all sounds completely insane and unrelatable. You end up sounding like that guy at the party who corners you to explain his ayahuasca breakthrough while you slowly back toward the exit.
​
The imagery and the experience can sound trite. The insights don’t seem that deep. Like, I get it, focus on friends and family. Do you really need to trip balls to find this out?
​
But what's profound about ketamine isn't the wild visuals or the feeling of becoming one with the universe. It's the emotional processing that happens while you're in that altered state.
​
After my first session, it felt like I’d done ten years of therapy compressed into an hour.
​
There were emotional wounds I'd been carrying for decades—resentments, frustrations, hurt, many from childhood. After a single session, feelings that had been a screaming 10 out of 10 on the pain scale suddenly felt like a manageable 2.
​
Like the sharp edges had been sanded down.
​
We don't yet know the exact mechanism of how ketamine achieves this, but scientists believe it works in several ways.
​
Your ego temporarily dissolves, so you can examine your life and problems without your usual defensive barriers getting in the way.
​
The altered state lets you access memories and emotions that might normally be buried or avoided. Your brain's usual filtering system goes offline, so repressed stuff can bubble up and be processed. It felt safe to peek into the dark and scary closets and go skeleton hunting—thoughts I might otherwise keep locked away.
​
There's also a direct neurochemical effect that provides immediate relief from depression and anxiety symptoms.
​
But most importantly, ketamine opens what scientists call a "neuroplasticity window."
​
Think of your brain like a ski hill. Your thoughts are skiers taking the same runs over and over, carving deeper grooves. Depression and anxiety? Those are the icy moguls you can't avoid. Ketamine dumps fresh powder on the whole mountain. You can interrupt and replace old, destructive thought patterns.
​
So many of us crave annual trips away—a reset, a change of perspective. To me, ketamine felt like a multi-week pilgrimage for my mind, at a fraction of the time and cost.
​
Each time I pulled off the sleep mask, just an hour later, I felt like I'd gotten back from a three-week trip, wandering through the Himalayas, finding myself. Something had shifted deep inside of me, in the best possible way.
​
It's been profound in a way that no amount of talk therapy has ever been able to achieve. It helped me work through deeper issues and little traumas that had been bothering me since I was a teenager.
​
While it hasn't cured my anxiety (I'm still on an SSRI, and unlike Faisal, I didn't experience a major effect on my symptoms), it has allowed me to let go of some of my most unwieldy and unpleasant pieces of emotional baggage.
​
The result has been a deeper sense of peace and something I've always wanted: a deep, indescribable sense that everything will be ok.
​
Who knew that all it would take was being melted into cake batter?
​
Of course, it's not a panacea. In the time since my treatments, I've had many moments of anxiety and existential angst. For me, it was more deep therapy than a biological fix.
​
Here's what surprised me most: I had zero desire to do it again anytime soon.
​
Remember that three-week Himalayan trek I mentioned? That's exactly what it feels like. Not something I’d want to do regularly.
​
Yes, ketamine can be addictive if you start taking it every time you go dancing. But in clinical settings with proper protocols, addiction is extremely rare. This isn't a party drug experience. It's deep work that leaves you feeling like you just climbed Everest and need to process for a while. Most people do an initial 4-6 sessions, then maybe a booster every few months or years.
​
I’ve kind of given up on trying to explain the experience. How do you tell someone you became cake batter and found enlightenment? That you died and were reborn four times for the price of a weekend vacation? That an hour lying on a brown couch did what a decade of talk therapy couldn't?
​
For now, I’m just telling people that, if they struggle with depression, PTSD, or anxiety, they should try it themselves.
​
If you want to deep dive on ketamine in general, I'd recommend listening to Tim Ferriss's four-hour episode on ketamine with Dr. John Krystal from Yale, who's one of the leading researchers in ketamine's clinical applications. It's been shown to be most effective for treatment-resistant depression, anxiety disorders, PTSD, chronic pain, and certain addiction issues.
​
If you're interested in trying it, there are reputable clinics sprouting up in most major cities. I did it at SabiMind here in Victoria and had a great experience.
​
I also recognize this isn’t yet accessible for everyone. A full course of treatment can run a few thousand dollars, and most insurance doesn't cover it yet. After experiencing firsthand how life-changing this can be, I want to pay it forward.
​
I’d like to cover the full cost of treatment for three people in Victoria who are struggling with treatment-resistant depression or anxiety but can't afford ketamine therapy. If that's you, email me your story by responding to this email. I'll pick three people, and all I ask in return is that you let me share your experience if you end up getting treatment (anonymized if you prefer).
​
Godspeed 🪄🎂🤯
​
​Note: This is my personal experience. Consult your doctor!​
​

They got 30,000 people to watch a video about…paper?​
​
Here's what you need to know about business school students: within thirty seconds of walking into a classroom, you can predict who will actually start a business and who will end up as a bureaucrat in corporate finance.
​
Chris and I recently spoke to a class of local business students at the University of Victoria. As we spoke, I looked out at a sea of faces, most staring blankly—the telltale sign of kids who are there because their parents pressured them into it or because "business" looks respectable on a resume. I felt a bit let down.
​
But afterwards, two students walked up to me and started peppering me with questions—the kind that immediately told me they were entrepreneurs. Their names were Aiden and Hiroko.
​
They told me that as a side hustle, they had started doing social media for local businesses and had recently landed a contract with The Papery, one of my favorite local shops. It sells ornate letterpress cards, beautiful wrapping paper, and Japanese fountain pens that cost a small fortune. It’s the sort of place that shouldn't survive in the Amazon era, but whose cult following keeps it alive. It turned out that these two had played a part in that, and were now promoting it on Instagram.
​
I was even more impressed when they told me that one of the video reels they made got over 30,000 views.
​
Think about that for a moment: for a small local store with zero ad budget in a city with 250,000 people, that's the equivalent of getting one in eight residents to stop scrolling and watch your content. The video was a behind-the-scenes look at the store, exploring its history and operations. This piqued my interest.
​
So, when they asked me to grab coffee later that week, I said yes immediately.
​
At coffee, they showed me their work—clean, professional photography, copywriting, and design with an eye for detail that most agencies lack, plus a solid grasp of business fundamentals that's rare for students. They knew their numbers and were opinionated. Both were obviously driven and hardworking. But they had something that is rare and impossible to teach: great taste.
​
What really won me over was their pace. Within a few hours of brainstorming, they started emailing me ideas and proposals. There's a particular type of person who operates like this and I've learned to pay attention to this signal. There's a saying in carpentry: measure twice, cut once. Most people just never stop measuring. They cut.
​
I told them that I owned a bunch of local businesses that needed help, and knew of dozens more. The agencies I'd used in the past either want you to dump huge sums into Facebook ads (not feasible for small businesses) or produce content that makes you cringe (embarrassing!). There was, I told them, a big opportunity for someone to build an agency that could build legions of fans around local businesses by telling their stories.
​
Stories that explain how that amazing corner bakery makes their extra crunchy double-baked almond croissants. Or how much effort goes into sourcing the incredible ingredients from local farms. Or the history of the business—what went into building what customers see today.
​
We started brainstorming, and a partnership structure came together over the course of the week: they bring the creative talent and execution, while I help them scale, provide financial backing, and open doors to bigger clients. A perfect match. I get to turn what used to be a business expense into a revenue stream, while helping two hungry entrepreneurs move faster than they could alone.
​
And just like that, we started an agency together.
​
It’s called download, and we're helping independent businesses get the attention they deserve by telling their unique stories.
​
Think tasteful posts, reels and TikToks showcasing what makes each business special: behind the scenes looks. A day in the life. The special care they put into their products.
​
The Papery’s followers are up over 25% over the last month. If your small business needs help getting the word out in the same way, get in touch.
​

I was left feeling unsettled by this Diary of a CEO interview with Geoffrey Hinton, who is largely credited for many of the academic breakthroughs in AI.
​
My favorite quote:
​
​"If you want to know what life's like when you're not the apex intelligence ask a chicken"​
​
Ignore the clickbait title on the podcast. It’s actually a very calm and rational interview, but it’s fascinating to hear it from somebody who has been at the edge of this for a very long time and no longer has any skin in the game.
​
​Spotify / YouTube / Apple Podcasts​
​

Speaking of starting agencies: running one is stressful as hell.​
​
Eighteen years ago, I was burnt out from running Metalab, so I decided to go backpacking in Europe.
​
Being an inexperienced fool, I decided to hand off the operations to one of my best friends from college, Mark Nichols.
​
At the time, he had no experience running a business—in fact, his only job experience at the time was mopping floors at a Starbucks in a Burlington strip mall—and I did a very poor job of onboarding him.
​
I let him listen in on a few client calls, showed him how I sent invoices and estimates, and introduced him to a few of my contractors.
​
Then, I disappeared, telling him to only call if there was a true emergency.
​
Long story short, there wasn’t. And Mark really ran Metalab after that.
​
He turned out to be amazing at running agencies, and quickly grew the business from a four-person studio working with fledgling startups, to an internationally renowned firm with a roster of Fortune 500 clients.
​
He is THE MAN, and remarkably, he’s still one of my best friends, even after working together for decades.
​
Now, being the grizzled veteran that he is, he finally got fed up with everyone asking him how to run an agency and wrote a book about it.
​
It’s called You’re On Your Own. I read a bunch of early versions, and it’s great. If you run an agency, it’s required reading.
​
If you run a services business, or are thinking about starting one, you should go buy Mark’s book here.
​
​PS: Metalab just did some insanely beautiful work.
​
They just rebranded Windsurf, one of the top AI coding platforms, which just sold to OpenAI for $3 billion. I absolutely love this rebrand.
​
This comes on the heels of work for Suno, Pika, Grok, and MidJourney 💪
​

My hometown, Victoria, used to buzz.​
​
From 2008 to 2018, you could feel the energy building. Great shows, incredible events, a city coming alive.
​
Then COVID hit. And frankly, we’ve been in a bit of a funk ever since.
​
Don’t get me wrong—there are still some amazing event organizers doing incredible work here. But their numbers are dwindling. Many of the people who used to bring fantastic performers and mid-sized acts to town have shut down or sold to faceless corporate groups.
​
Here’s the thing: Victoria is packed with talent and potential. But there’s always been this barrier—you want to book that comedian everyone’s talking about, or bring in that band, or throw an epic party, but you need a huge deposit upfront. Too much risk for one person to shoulder alone.
​
So my friend Josh Franklin and I decided to do something about it.
​
We’re launching The Culture Fund.
​
We’re offering loans between $1,000–$50,000 to help people put on incredible events that make Victoria better.
​
Music shows. Comedy nights. Festivals. Massive parties. Whatever makes this city more vibrant.
​
Here’s the deal: This isn’t charity. We’re trying to stimulate a sustainable arts, culture, and music scene. The city doesn’t benefit if these events fail financially. So we’re going to be disciplined about it. The numbers need to make sense. You need to be able to pay us back.
​
But if you’ve got a killer idea and just need the capital to make it happen, we want to talk.
​

My robot-induced cat feces trauma is over.​
​
In my book, I shared a funny story about how a rogue robot vacuum once smeared cat feces throughout my house:
​
​"When I staggered back through the front door of my house, I was hit with a smell so foul it made my eyes water. The whole house reeked like a pit latrine. Gripping my nose, I walked down the hall and into my dining room. Then, I saw something I can never unsee. It appeared that my cat didn’t share my fine taste in furniture and litter boxes. The sand in the box was left untouched, and in the hours since I’d left, she had defecated all over the floor around it. My robot vacuum, on its nightly schedule, had smeared a thin layer of cat feces across the room in a circular pattern, like a Franz Kline painting, and the little Roomba was now beeping shamefully in the corner.”​
​
Well, I’m a glutton for punishment. I’ve since tried 2-3 more robot vacuums, and while I’ve never experienced this level of depravity again, none of them have worked very well. They almost always got tangled on cords or stuck under things, and I ended up spending as much time managing them than I otherwise would have vacuuming manually.
​
I recently bought one that I absolutely love. It’s called the Matic and it was built by two Google engineers. It’s basically a mini self-driving car, with full machine vision, and can avoid any objects left on the ground.
​
It’s incredible, and it mops and sweeps our house each night.
​
My favorite part: we let the boys name it and they somehow came up with the name Gregothy George (pictured below) 😂

I’m a fan, and speaking from experience (🤢), I give it a big thumbs up. Check out the Matic robot vacuum here​
​

The Verge just called our absurd $3,600 keyboard "the best."​
​
A few months ago, I wrote about an investment we made in Norbauer & Co—my old friend Ryan Norbauer’s company that makes luxury keyboards that cost more than most computers. (You can read the full story here - it’s a fun one.)
​
Well, The Verge just published their review of his masterpiece, the Seneca.
​
Their verdict?
​
​"The best, and most expensive, thing I’ve ever typed on."​
​
The reviewer, Nathan Edwards, goes on to say:
​
​“The more normal you are about keyboards, the less impressive the Seneca is. I am not normal about keyboards, and the Seneca is goddamn incredible.”
​
"For lack of a better word, the Seneca feels permanent."
​
"The typing experience is sublime."​
​
And no keyboard review would be complete without a typing test:
​
​"A deep, muted thock, without a hint of ping."​
​
If you’re a fellow keyboard obsessive, you can check them out here (we sold out, so you’ll have to wait).
​

Random Stuff:

I started posting more on Instagram. Follow me at @awilkinson​
​
I spent many years of my childhood cackling at Tom Green’s antics on a grainy television in my parent’s basement.​
​
I just watched This Is The Tom Green Documentary, which, as you would guess by the name, is a documentary about Tom Green’s rise from small-town Canadian cable access fame, to Hollywood, and back. I found it insanely nostalgic and laughed a lot. Trailer / Letterboxd​
​
A few weeks ago, Chris and I shared Tiny’s 2024 Annual Letter, where we walked through what we’ve been up to over the last year.​
​
TLDR: Our cost-cutting program led to a 38% QoQ jump in Q4 Adjusted EBITDA, while recurring revenue is up 4x since 2021. We also acquired a 66% stake in Serato for $66M, which is expected to boost earnings by approximately 45%.
​
You can read the full letter here.
​
A lovely guy from Italy named Giulio Michelon flew out to interview me for his podcast.​
​
It turned out really well. We talked about:
​
- Why agencies are so stressful (he has one too)
- Why I still feel “Never Enough,” even after writing a book about it
- How incentives make or break companies
​
And a bunch more. Spotify / YouTube / Apple Podcasts​
​
We’re still looking to hire someone to manage our local events. Through my personal network and businesses, we host a ton of speakers, lunch and learns, forums, and conferences, and we’re adding to our events team.​
​
​We’re looking for someone who is: a big people person, has incredible taste (aesthetics + you know all the best spots in Vancouver/Victoria), and ideally some event planning experience.
​
You can be early in your career—this is one of those rare roles where we’re willing to hire for potential vs. experience. If you know someone, tell them to email me.
​
I’m just going to leave this here. Connor O’Malley never fails to make me cackle. His latest video, presented without comment: Slugs.
​

That’s all for now…

-Andrew

​

​Did you enjoy this newsletter? Say thanks by checking out one of my businesses:

​Find a designer on Dribbble​
​Make the perfect morning coffee using an AeroPress​
​Review a movie on Letterboxd​
​Get hyper-caffeinated on Mateina​
​Buy a bronze bust of Charlie Munger or Warren Buffett​
​Hire Metalab to design or build your next app or website​
​Or go check out one of our many other business​
​
Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson

​Forwarded this message? Sign up here.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved





A crafty Dutchman pinned me down.
May 20, 2025
Hello friend,

Why you’re getting this: this is my Friends Newsletter, a brain dump of interesting things that I send to interesting people I've met and friends I want to stay in touch with. Zero pressure to stick around—just click unsubscribe if you don’t want to get it (don’t worry, I won’t be notified).

Here’s what I’m thinking about…

A few months ago, this guy from the Netherlands emailed me asking if I'd come on his podcast.

‍Ughhhh.

I didn't want to do the interview, but I'm also bad at saying no.

Being my avoidant self, I used a tried but true line:

‍"Sure, but I'll only do it in person in Victoria."

‍That’ll get rid of him, I thought. Nobody ever wants to fly to Victoria.

Well, the son of a bitch called my bluff.

He flew 12 hours, mic in hand, and booked a podcast studio and everything.

Fortunately, he was a great guy and we hit it off. The interview was a blast and it turned out to be one of my all-time favorite interviews.

Well played, Wouter… Never underestimate a Dutchman.

‍We talk about:

‍- Challenging the negative view of "lifestyle businesses" and finding a third path that improves your life without artificial limitations

- How I build a community of interesting people through hosting events, forum groups, and Jeffersonian conversations

- Why the best business acquisitions come through personal connections, and how to create deal structures that make every stakeholder walk away happy

- Plus a ton more (it’s 2.5 hours)

Check out the episode on ​YouTube​ or ​Spotify​.

You should also subscribe to Wouter’s ​newly launched podcast​. He just did a great interview with the founder of Ramp.
‍

Every time I delegate a task to my assistants, there's a brief glimmer of hope.

‍This time, maybe this time, they'll remember to do it exactly the way I want.

Don’t get me wrong. My assistants Tina and Karen are amazing. But they’re only human.

And humans being humans, they get distracted. Things get busy. My travel schedule gets crazy. We host an event. Before I know it, their attention moves elsewhere and my inbox starts to get messy again.

And no matter how many admin people we hire, the same thing always seems to happen. Parkinson's Law kicks in:

‍“Work expands so as to fill the resources available for its completion.”

‍So, I finally gave up on humans for these sorts of rote tasks. I freed my assistants to focus on the high level stuff and built a robot to tackle my email.

Lately, I’ve been obsessed with this tool called ​Lindy​ that lets you create AI assistants. With it, you can make your own digital Rube Goldberg machines to complete almost any digital task, hooking up AI models to all the services you use (Gmail, Google Drive, Twilio, HubSpot—you name it) and having AI do things on your behalf. This could be as simple as sending you a text with a brief on the person you’re about to meet, or as complex as a 20-step automation that writes email newsletters for you (don’t worry, I wrote this by hand).

Last month, I built an automation that triages my email better than any human assistant ever could.

Every incoming email gets read by an AI agent that asks one question: "Does Andrew actually need to see this?" If no (about 80% of emails), it gets archived instantly.

Gone. Finished. Never appears in my inbox.

For emails I do need to see, it applies a label: Logistics, Kids, Events, Homes, Book, whatever.

Then it does all sorts of magical stuff:

- Kid's school emails get auto-added to my calendar with reminders (permission slips, field trips, stuff I need to pack, etc)—this one is a total game changer

- Anything needing my signature gets sent to my legal counsel, receipts go to accounting

- When someone reaches out wanting to sell their company or offering an investment, the AI will actually do a quick background check - who is this person? Are they legit? Does this seem dubious? If yes, instant archive. If no, it gets flagged to me to respond.

- Does it seem time sensitive? If yes, it adds an ASAP flag.

- And a ton more

My inbox is the cleanest it's been in years and I’m adding to the automation daily. So. Freaking. Cool.

If you want to hear me nerd out about my entire setup, check out my recent ​Superhuman podcast interview​.
‍

If you don’t remember, last month I started bragging about my friends.

‍This time, I want to take a minute to brag about my friend Janene Scordo.

‍I’ve never met anyone like her. She’s one of the most intensely driven and brutally honest people I know.

I liked her the moment we met: she has that rare and wonderful quality of blurting out the thing that everyone else is thinking but is too chicken to say. Flash forward years later and she’s often the first person to tell me when I’m doing something dumb. She’s true blue and one of my best friends.

In her twenties she worked in finance, but after leaving her job to have two kids, she was going stir crazy, languishing in 24/7 kid life. She kept talking my ear off about wanting to buy a business, so I introduced her to Sarah Hunter, a talented designer friend who wanted to sell her agency to start a new business.

Janene knew less than nothing about running a design agency. She’d never used Figma and didn’t even know what CSS was. But she immediately jumped in and bought it.

Since then, she has taken the business from a single employee to over a dozen, and grown revenue more than 5x, doing brand, web, and Shopify design and development for amazing companies like Left on Friday, WealthSimple, and our beloved AeroPress.

‍So, dear reader, I give you three tasks:

‍1. Janene is really cool. If you’re an entrepreneur based in Vancouver or Victoria, you should ​email her​ and get coffee.

2. You should hire ​her agency​. They're awesome and do great work (Shopify, Webflow, and branding in particular).

3. She wants to buy another business. If you know of a great company that's doing between $250k and $1M of annual profit, email her at ​janene@shopwelldesign.com​ (she’s industry agnostic)
‍

Tiny's Invisible Growth Machine: The $150M Fund You Couldn't See

‍Back in 2020, we raised a $150M USD fund. Chris and I were vaguely terrified — it was the first time we'd ever raised outside capital, other than letting friends co-invest in a few deals — but it ended up being perfect timing.

From 2021-2024, almost all of our acquisitions happened in the fund. The additional capital allowed us to buy incredible businesses like AeroPress (the popular coffee maker) and Letterboxd (a social network for film buffs that just hit 20 million users). By late 2024, with those and a few other acquisitions, we'd fully deployed all $150M USD.

The problem? When we went public in 2023, this structure made it nearly impossible for our public company shareholders to understand what the hell we were up to. It looked like we stopped investing for three years, when in reality, we poured $38M of our own capital into the fund, which was owned by the public company but didn’t share its numbers. People didn't get it: why did our acquired earnings stop growing? Did we lose our mojo?

The short answer was that we were in a flurry of compounding, but it was all just happening inside this fund, creating a sort of financial "black box" that was impossible to understand from the outside.

Here's how it works: Tiny Ltd (the public holding company) owns about 20% of the fund, plus we get 30% of the profits after our investors hit an 8% annualized return (this is called "carry" in investor-speak). But none of the fund’s revenue or earnings shows up in our financial statements. The only thing an investor would see is a $38M investment on our balance sheet.

After over a year of back and forth and countless painstaking meetings with accountants, lawyers, and auditors, we can finally share some actual numbers (note: these figures are all unaudited):

- The fund generated $66M in revenue for 2024, up 19% from 2023
- In Q1 2025, it did $17M in revenue, up 13% from Q1 2024
- Tiny received $1M in distributions from the fund in Q1 2025

Before you break out the calculator: yes, that $1M is roughly 20% of the total distributions for the quarter, but also includes some of our carry. So you can do your own napkin math about how much cash these businesses are throwing off, but it won’t be perfectly accurate. Note: We're actively working on reporting more detailed fund metrics.

Going forward, the fund is wrapped and now it's just about seeing those investments through, capturing the upside, and cashflowing. All new acquisitions (like Serato, which I'll tell you more about in a moment) will happen directly in the public company, making everything much cleaner and easier to understand.

‍Along with the fund numbers, our Q1 results are in:

‍- Total revenue of $48.1 million, up 6% from Q1 2024
- Adjusted EBITDA of $9.7 million, up 63% from Q1 2024
- Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA decreased from 3.0x to 2.7x

While our revenue growth is slightly muted due to headwinds in a few of our businesses, I’d like to highlight something we've been focusing on the last few years: replacing non-recurring revenue with highly predictable recurring revenue.

Take a look at how our revenue mix has been evolving:

- 2022: Total: $153.7M | Recurring: $8.9M (5.8%)
- 2023: Total: $185.5M | Recurring: $29.5M (15.9%)
- 2024: Total: $194.2M | Recurring: $38.7M (19.9%)

With the Serato deal now officially closed, that number is set to grow significantly once again. Serato adds roughly $26 million of annual recurring revenue, boosts our Adjusted EBITDA by approximately 45%, and contributes significantly to our top line. Importantly, it increases Tiny's Annual Recurring Revenue by about 68% to between $64-66 million.

If you want to dig into the details for Q1, check out the ​full earnings release​.

‍Also, our annual general meeting is coming up in a few weeks. I'd love to see you there. It’ll be Chris, Jordan, and me up on a podium doing Q&A. You can ask us about anything you want.

It’s Thursday, June 5th at 11:00 AM PT at the Fairmont Empress in Victoria, BC. ​Click here to register​
‍

For years I've been tearing my hair out dealing with Canadian banks for our credit cards.

‍This is how bad it is: years ago, at a time when Tiny was doing over $10 million EBITDA, one of the big national banks (I won't say who) wouldn't give us a credit card unless we put down a $50,000 deposit.

That is how backwards this stuff is. Not only that, but it took weeks and we had to sign a telephone book worth of documents with wet signatures.

Fortunately, this kafkaesque nightmare is over. There are finally some amazing options that you should switch your companies to:

‍​Ramp​ - just launched in Canada(!)
​Float​
​Venn​

We use all three across various businesses and they are all great (with slightly different feature sets).
‍

Random Stuff:

I'm loving the new Lorne Michaels biography - It’s so good I find myself skipping all my favorite TV shows to read it every night. Aside from hearing all the saucy gossip and hilarious anecdotes about how he launched many of the world’s largest comedians (Mike Myers, Tina Fey, Bill Murray, Eddie Murphy, Will Ferrell, and dozens more), it’s a fascinating character study of a deeply complicated person. Bonus points: he's Canadian. Grab a copy here
‍
Listen to me and Sam Corcos jam about our favorite Life Hacks - Sam is the best sort of lunatic. He tracks his time in 15-minute blocks, shares his home with another couple even though he’s rich, and has been "news sober" for 11 years. We discuss how your calendar reveals your true priorities and why AI might create more software developers, not fewer. Lots of fun ideas in here. Spotify / YouTube
‍
We’re speaking in Victoria - Chris and I were flattered to receive UVic's Distinguished Entrepreneurs of the Year and there’s a big gala to celebrate on June 10th in Victoria. There will be a reception, dinner, and a fireside chat/Q&A. It’s usually a black tie event, but because we hate wearing suits, you can wear whatever you want. ​Grab tickets here
‍
There are only 10 spots left for Interesting People - This is the conference ​I wish existed when I was younger​. No status games. No badge-glancing. Just 150 interesting people hanging out for 3 days. If you're a close friend and want to come, text me ASAP. Otherwise, ​apply here​.
‍
We’re hiring an event coordinator - We’re looking for someone to help run my Interesting People event this July. You'll work with the team to handle all the ground-level details - food, venues, signs, transportation, guest needs. Perfect for someone who's run events before, communicates well under pressure, and knows Victoria. Ideally you're a foodie with great taste, love thoughtful design, know all the best spots in town, and thrive on details. Part-time leading up to the event, then all-in during. This could become a full-time role if it goes well, as we're now doing multiple events per year. Email ​monica@follypartners.com​ if this sounds like you (or you know someone).
‍
Buy my apartment -  I bought this stunning penthouse apartment in Vancouver and had my friend Kate Snyder and her team at ​Studio Roslyn​ turn it into something amazing. Unfortunately, with our busy life in Victoria, Zoe and I barely used it, and our plans to Airbnb got kiboshed when Vancouver changed their short-term rental laws.

I bought it out of bankruptcy for $3.7M (the last sale was for well over $4M), and we recently listed it for $3.68M. It fully cash flows itself, but I don't like the logistics of managing real estate.

We ended up renting it to a wonderful elderly couple who are very happy there, and we don't want to move them, so our buyer has to be someone who wants to buy and hold a cash-flowing asset, with the possibility of potentially moving into it in the future.

Also: if you own an exceptional, cash flowing business, perhaps I could be persuaded to trade the apartment for equity ;-)

If anyone wants to buy a beautiful cash-flowing penthouse in Vancouver, ​check it out​.
‍

That’s all for now…

-Andrew

‍

​Did you enjoy this newsletter? Say thanks by checking out one of my businesses:

​​Find a designer on Dribbble​​
​​Make the perfect morning coffee using an AeroPress​​
​​Review a movie on Letterboxd​​
​​Get hyper-caffeinated on Mateina​​
​​Buy a bronze bust of Charlie Munger or Warren Buffett​​
​​Hire Metalab to design or build your next app or website​​
​​Or go check out one of our many other business​​
​Follow me on Twitter/X: ​@awilkinson​​

‍Forwarded this message? Sign up ​here​.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved





I made $20,303 power washing driveways
April 27, 2025
Hello friend,

Why you’re getting this: this is my Friends Newsletter, a brain dump of interesting things that I send to interesting people I've met and friends I want to stay in touch with. Zero pressure to stick around—just click unsubscribe if you don’t want to get it (don’t worry, I won’t be notified).

Here’s what I’m thinking about…

Last month, I made $20,303 power washing driveways.

‍There's a sentence I never thought I'd write. Here's how it happened.

It was a chilly October afternoon and I’d just finished speaking at a University of Victoria business school class. As usual, one of the eager beaver students (there’s always one) asked if he could walk me to my car.

As we walked, he gave a breathless elevator pitch on himself. His name was Andan, and a few years back he’d started a landscaping business in Calgary, hiring a bunch of his friends and paying his way through school. He’d even started a Hawaiian shave ice business on vacation at his lakeside summer cabin. Now, he was doing business school and feeling lost.

He asked me what he should do.

“Why would you waste your time with business school?” I asked, stating what I felt was obvious. “You’ve already run a business—you already know this stuff. Business school is for people who want to work at McKinsey. Just start a business and read books as you go.”

I told him he should drop out.

He hemmed and hawed. His parents. The money. All the usual excuses people have for not following their passion.

I gave him my number, told him that if he wanted to start a business I’d back him, and drove away.

I’ve said this sort of thing to dozens of business school students. I rarely hear from them again.

But this time, a couple hours later, I got the text: “Let’s do it. What should we start?”

I grinned. I had recently read a draft of ​The Sweaty Startup​, my friend Nick Huber’s excellent new book on how to get rich by starting blue collar businesses, and pitched Andan on the idea of starting a pressure washing business together (low startup costs, easy to scale, recurring revenue).

We shook hands on a deal: me and my team would handle all the marketing, demand generation, and tech/workflows, and he’d run the business day-to-day and manage the team.

One month later, we launched ​PressurePros​. One of the places we promoted was on this very newsletter, and I wanted to say a huge thank you to all of you who promptly hired us to wash your driveways and patios (don’t forget to leave a 5-star review on Google!).

I’m excited to report that in March, we did $20,303 in revenue and that number is scaling fast.

As you’d expect, Andan has been doing an incredible job, but he’s up to his eyeballs fielding sales calls, quoting, and hiring like crazy.

So, we need your help, dear reader:

We're looking for incredible people to join our team. We need motivated folks for sales (handling calls, visiting sites, giving estimates) and hard workers for pressure washing jobs (landscaping experience is a bonus). We care more about their attitude and work ethic than their resume.

If you’re based in Victoria and you know someone who might be interested, tell them to ​email Andan​.

T-minus 12 months until we hit $203,030 per month (10x) 💪

‍PS: If you've been eyeing your moss-covered driveway or patio for the last few months and thinking "I should really deal with that," ​you know who to call​.
‍

Most of the things that are making you miserable are derived from luck.

‍Too many emails.
A packed calendar.
A chaotic household.
A never ending list of missed calls.

Every morning at 9AM I get the same Apple Reminder notification.

It pops up on my phone’s home screen (which is always a beautiful photo of my kids).

It says:

‍“Invert: How is the stress lucky?”

‍I stop whatever I’m doing and take a second to flip things around and invert. I’m experiencing all this stress because I’m lucky enough to have:

A vibrant work life full of exciting and interesting businesses.

Friends who invite me to fun gatherings and hangouts.

Two miraculous little boys who want all my attention.

It never fails to lower my cortisol and make me smile. Try it.
‍

Once in a while, I read a book I can’t put down.

‍Here’s a few of them from the past month or so:

‍​The Kid Stays in The Picture by Robert Evans
Robert Evans went from 50’s movie star to running Paramount Pictures during its Godfather heyday, only to fall flat on his face and go broke in the eighties. Pure Hollywood popcorn and full of fun (probably half-true) anecdotes about seemingly every celebrity of yesteryear.

​When The Going Was Good by Graydon Carter​
A memoir by Graydon Carter, the longtime editor of Vanity Fair. It’s a bit of a shock to read about just how incredible the magazine business used to be. Aside from lots of dishy gossip about various famous people and a great rags to riches story, this book is a grim reminder of how quickly the tides can change in business. In a matter of years, Conde Nast (publisher of Vanity Fair) went from one of the world’s strongest businesses to one of the most challenging.

​Based on a True Story by Norm McDonald​
I picked this one up on a recommendation from a friend expecting a tell all autobiography. What I got instead was far more weird and wonderful. I don’t think I could make it through more than a few pages without dying laughing—this book is pure comedy gold.
‍

Let’s have a VERY expensive lunch.

‍A couple times a year, my business partner Chris and I auction off a charity lunch to raise money for non-profits we love.

We'll spend a few hours with you and help you with anything we can.

Happy to brainstorm your business, help you solve a problem, or just get to know one another.

The bidding starts at $10,000 and ends on Wednesday at 6PM PST.

Go!

​DM me on X​ or reply to this email to bid - the last one went for $100,000 👀
‍

Talk to most 30-50 year olds these days and they tell you two things:

‍1. The next generation is weak (phone addiction, no sex, no work  ethic, etc)

2. Humanity is doomed (climate change, societal upheaval, nuclear war, etc)

Here’s 20 quotes presented without comment:

‍"The children now love luxury; they show disrespect for elders and love chatter in place of exercise." —Socrates

"Civilization will come to an end sometime in this century, when the fuel runs out." —William Shaw, 1974

"Democracy will be dead by 1950." —John Langdon-Davies, 1936

"When I was young, we were taught to be discreet and respectful of elders. Today's youth are exceedingly wise and impatient of restraint." —Hesiod, 8th century BCE

"Everything that can be invented has been invented." —Charles Duell, US Patent Office, 1899

"By 1985, air pollution will have reduced the amount of sunlight reaching earth by one half." —Life magazine, 1970

"Exhaustion of natural resources and social decay will bring an end to modern civilization within 100 years." —Club of Rome, 1972

"We have about five more years at the outside to do something." —Kenneth Watt, 1970

"World civilization will collapse by the year 2000 and there is nothing we can do about it." —Arnold Toynbee

"If we don't act now, by the year 2000 mankind will have destroyed the earth." —Senator Gaylord Nelson, 1970

"Youth were never more savagely saucy. The ancient are scorned, the honorable contemned, the magistrate not dreaded." —Thomas Barnes, 1624

"The free access which many young people have to romances and novels has poisoned the mind and corrupted the morals of many a promising youth." —Reverend Hitchcock, 1790

"The civilization of the twentieth century will be destroyed in an apocalypse of fire and blood more terrible than anything yet known." —René Guénon, 1927

"Young people have no reverence for parents or old age. They are impatient of all restraint." —Peter the Hermit, 1274

"The population of the earth will be exterminated within a century by deadly rays from the sun." —Garrett Serviss, 1910

"We live in a decaying age. Young people no longer respect their parents. They frequently inhabit taverns and have no self-control." —Ancient Egyptian tomb inscription

"In the 1970s hundreds of millions of people will starve to death in spite of any crash programs embarked upon now." —Paul Ehrlich

‍Don’t get me wrong. Things are bad. But they’ve always been bad. And they’re much better than they used to be by almost every measure.

Unfortunately, it seems that it’s our job—at least those in my age group and up—to bemoan the next generation and state of the world. The kids are probably alright, and humans will probably still exist in 500 years.
‍

That’s all for now…

-Andrew

‍

​Did you enjoy this newsletter? Say thanks by checking out one of my businesses:

​​Find a designer on Dribbble​​
​​Make the perfect morning coffee using an AeroPress​​
​​Review a movie on Letterboxd​​
​​Get hyper-caffeinated on Mateina​​
​​Buy a bronze bust of Charlie Munger or Warren Buffett​​
​​Hire Metalab to design or build your next app or website​​
​​Or go check out one of our many other business​​
​Follow me on Twitter/X: ​@awilkinson​​

‍Forwarded this message? Sign up ​here​.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




A $3,600 keyboard and a $66 million dollar investment
March 31, 2025
Hello friend,

Why you’re getting this: this is my Friends Newsletter, a brain dump of interesting things that I send to interesting people I've met and friends I want to stay in touch with. Zero pressure to stick around—just click unsubscribe if you don’t want to get it (don’t worry, I won’t be notified).

Here’s what I’m thinking about…

We just bought a majority stake in Serato, the leading DJ software company.

‍If you've ever been to a club, festival, or wedding reception in the last couple decades, you've likely danced to music played using ​Serato​. It's the gold standard for DJs, from the unknowns in their dorm room to huge artists like Diplo.

If you’re scratching your head wondering why Serato sounds so familiar, here’s a few places you might recognize it from:

‍"You ain't got no fuckin' Yeezy in your Serato?" –Kanye West, "Dark Fantasy"

"Serato spinning while I'm dropping these verses" –Kendrick Lamar, "ELEMENT."

"Run through Serato like a marathon" –Jay Z, "Holy Grail"

‍I used to be a (very bad) DJ in my twenties (my DJ name was DJFKFC 🤦‍♂️) so this is a particularly exciting acquisition for me.

Fortunately for Tiny and our investors, this is far from a nostalgic vanity purchase.
‍
The business is remarkable:

‍🇳🇿 A 25 year track record of consistent growth, bootstrapped in New Zealand

📈 35% compound annual growth rate on recurring revenue over the last five years

👥 Over 2 million users worldwide

💰 Impressive profitability with 34% EBITDA margins

🎹 Deep integration with the best DJ hardware manufacturers

‍For those of you that are Tiny shareholders:

‍💸 The acquisition boosts Tiny's ARR by about 68% to between $64-66 million

📊 Increases our Adjusted EBITDA by approximately 45%

Serato is exactly the kind of business we love: a category-defining brand with a deeply passionate user base and long runway ahead. The founders and team in Auckland have built something truly special over 25 years, and I'm thrilled they chose us as their long-term home.

A warm welcome to AJ, Steve, Young, and the entire Serato team. We couldn't be more excited to have you join the Tiny family and we're looking forward to helping you take it to the next level.

‍PS: As part of this announcement, Tiny's Q4 results were also just announced. You can check out the results and all the details on the acquisition in the ​full press release here​.
‍

Like most of you, I read Jonathan Haidt's depressing book, The Anxious Generation, about how we are rotting the brains of the next generation by inundating them with glowing screens.

‍But I also occasionally listen to terrifying true crime about children being abducted (most recently ​this one about Michael Dunahee​ in my hometown - absolute nightmare fuel) and while I realize that my children are statistically more likely to have a jet engine fall on them from the sky than get abducted by a stranger, I sometimes get a bit anxious letting my kids roam free.

I've been resisting getting my eldest son a device, but I recently broke and bought him a ​Garmin Bounce​. I figured abating my anxiety and letting him roam free was better than the opposite.

It's a neat little device. It's basically a super dumbed down smart watch that has a no-configuration-required cellular connection. They can only text or voice message you and anyone else you specify, and they can't install apps or do anything too distracting.

I've started sending my boys out on expeditions around the neighborhood and it's nice to be able to see their location or text them when I want them to head home.

They're about $220 on Amazon. A small price to pay for independent kids who play outside.
‍

Last week, I recorded a fun episode with my friend Greg Isenberg on his Startup Ideas podcast.

‍We talk about:

📣 Why distribution is the new moat

🛥️ How to monetize niche communities with AI

📰 The case for buying media companies

🧠 Whether data is still a true moat in the LLM era

🏦 Why there should be a “Bank of Vibe Coders”

Listen here:

‍​YouTube​ / ​Spotify​ / ​Apple Podcasts​
‍

I'm writing this newsletter on a keyboard that costs more than a MacBook Pro and an iPad Pro combined.

‍Yes, you read that correctly. A keyboard.

It was meticulously built in California by an artisan workshop, ​Norbauer & Co.​, whose retrofuturist designs and meticulous attention to detail have created an almost mythical status in the keyboard community.

I love the story of how it came to be on my desk, because this object (and our investment in the company behind it last year) encapsulates everything that I enjoy about being an investor, and what I think makes Tiny's approach to partnering with company founders special. Though modest in size compared to today’s announcement, Norbauer is one of my absolute favorites.

I also like this story because it underscores the point that, in business, emotional and subjective considerations are often as important as the dollars and cents of a deal.

It all began with a serendipitous encounter sixteen years ago.

In 2008, I spotted a guy getting off the L train in Chicago as I headed back to my hotel after a tech conference. We were both wearing the same SEED Conference badges around our necks. I glanced down and saw "RYAN NORBAUER", a name I recognized from a blog post I'd read on my then-favorite productivity blog, 43Folders. I stopped him and said hello.

It turned out that we both ran digital agencies, his specializing in development and mine in design. We were both skeptical of Silicon Valley hype, which is what had prompted us to attend SEED, a conference on bootstrapping creative businesses hosted by our mutual heroes, Jason Fried, David Heinemeier Hansson and Jim Coudal. We swapped emails and quickly became friends, bonding over the shared struggles that come with building services businesses.

By 2010, Ryan had sold one of his startups to OKCupid (Match.com) and was running two others, but he was losing his joy for entrepreneurship. His three businesses had caused him a profound amount of stress, and after years of struggling through the aspects of running a business that he didn't enjoy, he decided to sell everything, vowing to leave the business world forever.

He chose to dedicate his remaining decades to projects driven by curiosity and creativity rather than profit. A clean break from his former life.

Of all things, he went deep into the world of mechanical keyboards.

If you're not familiar, there is a whole passionate subculture of keyboard enthusiasts, obsessed with tactile feedback, unique sound profiles, and meticulous craftsmanship. They seek the satisfying vintage-style "thock" of a mechanical input device over the lifeless whisper of an off-the-shelf keyboard.

Ryan started documenting his build process on online keyboard enthusiast forums, occasionally selling a few extras to help offset the production costs of making one for himself. His work quickly captured the imagination of the keyboard world, and the community kept nudging him to make more and more. He became something of a celebrity in this obscure community, with fans lining up at keyboard conventions to ask for autographs and selfies.

At some point he had stumbled into running yet another business, an accidental little keyboard empire.

Because this was a passion project, he went to extraordinary lengths in the pursuit of keyboard perfection—partnering with a Danish luxury engineering firm to create custom internal mechanics, sourcing rare materials and finishes, and spending countless hours refining every detail from sound dampening to textures.

He became the Enzo Ferrari of keyboards, not by following a business plan—truly, no sane person focused on the bottom line would have created these products—but by pursuing an extreme creative vision, competing for creations that would disappear from inventory within minutes.

Ryan's keyboards are engineering marvels, like mechanical watches in a digital age, but for his passionate clientele they are also deeply sentimental objects. There's absolutely no practical or purely rational reason for them to exist, but they embody the same passion that makes a Patek Philippe special: hundreds of custom precision components working in perfect harmony, assembled by hand, with every detail finessed down to the microscopic level.

In tech companies and finance firms across the world, Norbauers can be found sitting quietly on desks as one of those "if you know, you know" objects, connecting a community of people with a very nerdy but passionate form of taste that many people don't even know exists. They embody nostalgia for the history of computing, and extreme discernment in matters of design and acoustics.

But success brought its own problems. What began as a carefree hobby gradually transformed into a demanding operation. Ryan eventually found himself again miserably consumed by business mechanics, focusing on endless logistical challenges rather than design and engineering. The curse of the creative entrepreneur.

Because of all this, Ryan actually nearly shut the business down a little over a year ago. But, one major thing kept him from clicking "DELETE ALL". Up to this point he had been focusing on making "aftermarket upgrade" components for keyboard enthusiasts to use in modifying existing platforms. But, his real ambition was to create a ready-to-use luxury keyboard entirely from scratch, something no-one has ever done before. He didn't want to throw in the towel without seeing this vision into reality.

This crossroads brought Ryan to our door at Tiny.

What he wanted from us wasn't money. He needed a partner to handle the operational aspects that were increasingly consuming his attention so he could focus on what he was actually good at—designing and creating beautiful products. He needed someone to take the day-to-day off his hands so he could return to his workbench, focusing on matters of taste while knowing that the business was running efficiently, growing its technical capacities and creative options.

He thought of me, his old friend who has often written about having navigated this sort of problem successfully many times (albeit with copious speed bumps along the way) and reached out.

A pattern exists across hundreds of the most successful companies. The brands that endure often share a critical ingredient: a visionary paired with an implementer. Walt Disney had his brother Roy. Steve Jobs had Tim Cook. Coco Chanel had Pierre Wertheimer. Their magic emerged from this symbiotic relationship between creation and execution.

Every creative founder needs someone who genuinely loves the operational work they find draining. Someone who gets excited about the things they hate.

I've confronted this reality many times in my businesses. Over two decades, as each business has scaled, I've invariably found myself in a prison of my own making, buried in operational details that I hated.

More often than not, I've solved this quagmire in a counterintuitive way: by firing myself.

Last year, after becoming completely overwhelmed with the operational details of overseeing some forty-odd companies, I fired myself as CEO of Tiny to refocus on what I do best: setting the vision, telling our story, and acquiring wonderful companies.

My business partner Chris and I found our own Tim Cook in Jordan Taub, a former Constellation Software executive who we'd steadily promoted through the ranks at Tiny over the years. Eventually, it became clear that Jordan was the ideal person to handle the day-to-day operations we'd always struggled with.

Since making this change last June, Chris and I have felt completely revitalized, rediscovering our passion for the work we love and significantly increasing Tiny's dealflow and opportunity set by doing the things we're best at.

This is exactly what Ryan sought to do: fire himself from the agonizing details that distracted from his creative vision.

This is why I understood Ryan's dilemma so deeply. Throughout my career, I've seen how success can become its own kind of prison—especially when creators sell their businesses.

I've experienced this first hand after selling some of my own companies. It felt like watching a beautiful garden I'd cultivated for years being methodically paved over for a parking lot. The DNA that made the company special vanished, replaced by all-or-nothing decisions that prioritized gains over long-term vitality.

These painful lessons shaped my philosophy when founding Tiny: create the acquisition partner I wish I could have sold to—one that preserves what makes a business special rather than imposing standardized "best practices."

We've found three patterns in our acquisitions: founders who want to exit completely, those who just need us to buy out a troublesome partner, and those like Ryan who seek liberation—someone to handle what they hate while they refocus on what they love. This third case is surprisingly common. They don't want to abandon their creation; they want to fall back in love with it.

Most private equity firms, with their McKinsey-trained MBAs and 5-year exit timelines, are fundamentally misaligned with this approach. Ryan needed something different: operational expertise paired with respect for his creative vision.

With all this in mind, I realized that in order for our partnership with Ryan to work, I needed to find him his perfect executional partner. I paired him with my partner Caleb Bernabe—a perfect match for Ryan's sensibilities.

When Caleb isn't running a highly profitable portfolio of businesses at Tiny, he co-owns a hip wine bar in Victoria and obsesses over vintage Leicas and Porsches. I knew that he would understand Ryan's pursuit of perfection—someone who could appreciate both the craftsmanship of the keyboards and translate his vision into a business that can slowly compound its profits and endure for decades.

The most important aspect of our deal wasn't financial. It was psychological.

I promised Ryan three things:

1. If the business failed, we'd both shrug and move on.

2. He could walk away whenever he wanted.

3. He could tell us to "fuck off" if we got in his way.

I encouraged him to pass off anything he didn't enjoy to Caleb and his team, giving Ryan space to develop the brand and product line.

One year into our partnership, and the results speak for themselves. Norbauer just launched the Seneca—its most ambitious keyboard ever—to exceptional praise, and they also recently added legendary keyboard tastemaker and content creator Taeha Kim to their team.

The ​Seneca​ stands as a masterpiece of engineering—682 custom parts built entirely by hand, with every component custom-made. Priced starting at $3,600, it's not for everyone, but for writers, coders, and thinkers who spend their days at a keyboard, it's the ultimate escape.

Here’s how Ryan puts it:

‍“The Seneca is my middle finger to the aesthetic homogeneity and economic over-optimization of 21st century life.

Its intricate mechanisms can only be assembled and tuned by human hands, over hours of skilled work—typically by a single artisan, from start to finish.

Every component is custom made (right down to the individually-machined screws), hyper-engineered from first principles for maximum acoustic, artistic, and tactile refinement—costs be damned.

On paper, nothing about this makes any sense. It is over the top. Needlessly lavish. Exuberantly irrational.

And that is the point.”

‍I’m happy to say that the response so far has been wild.

I could quote endless breathless praise from obsessive members of the keyboard community for Ryan's work, but perhaps the most succinct is what the keyboard-obsessed Senior Reviews Editor Nathan Edwards at The Verge wrote in that publication about the Seneca the other day:

‍"The most expensive keyboard I've ever typed on, and also the best."

‍Exactly what Ryan has always been going for.

An interesting byproduct of the Tiny partnership is that Norbauer is now a more profitable and sustainable business than before our involvement. What's even better is the whole thing is built on such a beautiful idea: make someone smile when they sit down at their desk.

I love how randomness brought us together, the extraordinary product our partnership enabled (my fingers are tapping across my Seneca's keys as I write this), and how it redefines success by thriving through craftsmanship rather than scale—proving exceptional profitability doesn't require endless growth but instead, exceptional brand, deep relationships with a passionate base of clients, and a commitment to quality.

Here's a ​link​ to check out all the insanely nerdy details of the keyboard. It’s quite the device.

We did work with Ryan to make a few build spots available around the timing of this announcement, but I can't promise there will be any available by the time you see this. (When we made the investment, I also promised him we wouldn't force scale at the expense of integrity to the brand, so they continue to operate at very small volumes, slowly building each keyboard one-by-one from start to finish, like an Hermès handbag.)

If spaces are all gone by the time you see this, just join the waitlist and have some patience. They have a very attentive and personalized client experience, and they're always willing to work to make sure everyone who wants to get one of their creations can eventually do so. Eventually you'll get an email when it's your turn to join a rather exclusive club of typing experience maximalists.

Ryan tells the story of our investment far more eloquently in a post ​here​. I highly recommend reading it, it includes some fun details and has a few cringe-worthy photos of me from my twenties.

Happy typing.
‍

Do you like when the government sends you money?

‍Do you have a technology company that does research and development?

I'm astounded by how many entrepreneurs I meet who don’t know about the Canadian government's SR&ED program.

Essentially, if you spend $100,000 on a Canadian salary for someone working on R&D, they’ll give you 35% back as cash or a tax refund.

It was a huge help to us in the early days, but it’s kind of confusing to navigate.

A few years ago, we bought a SRED consultancy called ​Entax​ who can help you.

You should hire them, they are amazing. Tell them I sent you.
‍

I loved this recent fireside chat with venture capitalist Bill Gurley at The McCombs School of Business.

‍I’ve always been a fan of his, but since he retired he’s been even more interesting and unfiltered than usual.

My favorite line:

‍“Good judgement comes from experience, which comes from bad judgement”​

Watch the talk here

​PS: If you haven’t checked it out, I also highly recommend his bi-weekly podcast with Brad Gerstner, ​B2GPod​.
‍

Random Stuff:

Chris and I are very flattered to be named the 2025 Entrepreneurs of The Year by the University of Victoria business school. They’re doing a big event for it, so if you’re in Victoria, we’d love to see you there on June 10th. ​Tickets here​.
‍
If you live in Victoria, ​Cafe Malabar​, my favorite Indian restaurant, just opened a new location. It’s mind bogglingly good and you should go eat there.
‍
I have a very annoying problem: I primarily work from cafes, and many cafe owners do their best to foil people like me and have removed power plugs. I am happy to report that I’ve outsmarted them thanks to my ​Anker Power Bank​.

It’s basically a portable battery that I keep in my backpack and it gives me an extra 2 hours or so of battery life.
‍
Another backpack upgrade: my friend Matt Mullenweg told me about these amazing ​Baseus Retractable USB-C cables​. My backpack used to be a rats nest of charging cables, but now I just have a few of these little circular USB pucks. When you’re done, you just give them a tug and they automatically retract. Very slick!
‍

That’s all for now…

-Andrew

‍

​Did you enjoy this newsletter? Say thanks by checking out one of my businesses:

​​Find a designer on Dribbble​​
​​Make the perfect morning coffee using an AeroPress​​
​​Review a movie on Letterboxd​​
​​Get hyper-caffeinated on Mateina​​
​​Buy a bronze bust of Charlie Munger or Warren Buffett​​
​​Hire Metalab to design or build your next app or website​​
​​Or go check out one of our many other business​​
​Follow me on Twitter/X: ​@awilkinson​​

‍Forwarded this message? Sign up ​here​.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




I got diagnosed with a brain disorder.
March 12, 2025
Hello friend,

Why you’re getting this: this is my Friends Newsletter, a brain dump of interesting things that I send to interesting people I've met and friends I want to stay in touch with. Zero pressure to stick around—just click unsubscribe if you don’t want to get it (don’t worry, I won’t be notified).

Here’s what I’m thinking about…

People think business is math.

‍Numbers. Spreadsheets and P&Ls.

But that’s only 10% of it. While the numbers are critical to get right, I think the other 90% is far more important.

‍To be great at business, you have to do two things:

‍1. Prevent your brain from tricking you into doing stupid things

2. Figure out how to read and motivate (and sometimes avoid) other people

In 1995, Charlie Munger, Warren Buffett’s longtime business partner, gave an incredible speech about why humans do stupid things.

In it, he breaks down all the key psychological effects that warp our thinking and cause bizarre behavior.

In 2014, I made it my mission to memorize this talk. I listened to it every single day on my drive to work and tattoo’d it into my brain.

It has been one of the most durable and important pieces of content I’ve ever consumed, and a few years ago, Chris and I decided to make it more accessible.

We took the original hour long scratchy audio recording and turned it into a shorter and more accessible animated video.

I’d encourage you to listen to the ​full version​ (over, and over, and over again), but I wanted to share ​our animated version​ as a little primer.

‍A few of my favorite quotes from the talk:

‍“Never, ever, think about something else when you should be thinking about the power of incentives.”

“The human mind is a lot like the human egg. When one sperm gets in, it shuts down so the next one can’t get in.”

“It’s not greed that drives the world, but envy.”

“What a wise man does at the beginning, a fool does at the end.”
‍

Do you know someone like this:

‍- Rich
- Owns a business
- Burned Out AND/OR Getting older/wants to retire

‍​Tiny​ wants to buy more businesses, and we need your help to find them.

We’ve found that the best opportunities often come from simply asking around.

So here I am, requesting your help. If you enjoy this newsletter even a little bit, I’d ask that you take the next 30 seconds to think about it.

Okay, did you do it?



‍I'll wait...



‍Ok, did you do it? Perfect, thank you. Let me know if you think of anyone we should talk to.
‍

A few weeks ago, I went on My First Million, my favorite podcast, and talked about how I, for one, welcome our new AI overlords. I talked about a ton of stuff, including how I’m using AI agents, an interesting public company I invested in, and much more.

Fun episode. Listen here: ​YouTube​ / ​Spotify​
‍

I decided I'm going to brag more.

‍Not about myself. But about my friends.

Today I’m going to brag about my pal Allegra Poschmann.

You’ve probably never heard of her, but if you’re a woman, I guarantee you know her work.

‍Glossier. Hill House. Reformation. The Honest Company.

‍In 2009, she was a broke designer. Today, her company, ​Pact​ is the secret sauce behind-the-scenes on some of the biggest success stories in retail. Like ​Metalab​, but for ecommerce companies.

Usually, someone with such absurdly good taste comes at a cost. You hire the designer who makes the world’s most beautiful website and brand but… it doesn’t convert. They don’t think about the business side.

Allegra is a rare talent who has the trifecta: astounding design skills, a deep understanding of what actually drives revenue, and the ability to sell and convince complex groups of people she is right.

‍Here's a few stories she recently told me over lunch:

‍- She just helped ​Rifle Paper Co.​ increase conversions by 150%

- Her strategy drove 1800% revenue growth for ​Hill House​, launching their famous Nap Dress (men: apparently this is a big deal?)

- Her work with the piercing studio, ​Studs​ has helped take them from a handful of locations to 40+ studios nation-wide

Allegra is humble. She’d never say all this, but I feel compelled to brag on her behalf. More people should know her name.

Check out ​her work​ and, if you’re selling things: software, t-shirts or your time, you should hire her.
‍

"Your working memory is in the twentieth percentile," the neurologist told me, studying her charts from the battery of cognitive tests that my doctor had requested.

I have APOE4, the Alzheimer's risk gene, and he felt it was important to track my memory over time.

My palms started tingling. Was this how it started? Today, you're forgetting where you put your keys, tomorrow you're forgetting your own name and shuffling around in a hospital gown.

"But your crystallized intelligence," she continued, "is solid."

‍I felt my guts relax. "That's good, right?"

‍She explained, "If your brain were a computer, working memory would be its RAM. It temporarily holds and processes information, like remembering a phone number long enough to dial it or doing mental math. Yours is way below average—imagine trying to juggle while holding only two balls when most people can handle four."

"On the other hand," she went on, "your crystallized intelligence is like your mental library—everything you've learned, the skills, facts, and experiences you've accumulated. That part of your brain is above average."

‍Her assessment rang true. I could barely remember a simple grocery list without spacing.

‍"You might want to get tested for ADHD," she suggested. "Poor working memory is often indicative of some form of ADHD."

I left the appointment feeling unsettled. Something about it didn't sit right—there was no way I had ADHD. I had always struggled with anxiety, but I'd never struggled with focus.

I'd noticed the endless stream of TikTok videos and social media posts about adult ADHD diagnoses and rolled my eyes. It had become the explanation for everything—another mental health meme where everyone thought they had the disorder.

I'd always been proud of my ability to power through work, tick off to-do lists, and juggle multiple projects. If anything, I saw myself as productive and organized—traits that seemed at odds with having ADHD. I had dismissed it as overhyped. A diagnosis given out too freely, especially in regards to the growing number of kids being prescribed amphetamine drugs.

‍While I was skeptical, I spent the next afternoon deep-diving into ADHD.

‍As I read, my skepticism began to evaporate and I started to feel like an asshole...

The first thing that struck me was how quantifiable it was. I learned that scientists can literally see a difference in the brains of people with ADHD on MRI scans and that ADHD brains even grow more slowly. Reaching their peak thickness three years later than their peers in regions controlling attention and motor planning. Three years. That's the difference between starting high school and getting your driver's license.

I couldn't deny it anymore—ADHD was as real as any other medical condition. I was reminded of how my parents' generation had scoffed at the idea of "anxiety" and "depression" and their fears that everyone was popping Prozac to avoid dealing with the reality of life. Was this just the modern equivalent? Was I, just like 90’s boomers, a mental health bigot?

As I dug deeper, I discovered that ADHD isn't just visible in brain structure—it's fundamentally written into our genetics. According to a study in Nature Genetics, ADHD is up to 88% heritable (even more than height!), making it one of the most inherited psychiatric conditions out there. If you have it, there's a near certainty that one of your parents does too.

Reading this, my thoughts turned to my father: his constant forgetfulness, his impulsive purchases, his encyclopedic knowledge of random topics paired with an uncanny ability to tune out or forget whatever everyone else deemed important. I wondered if he might have ADHD too.

For years, I'd treated what I thought was just anxiety with an SSRI (vortioxetine), and while it helped a ton, that frantic, life-on-fire feeling of being overwhelmed had never really gone away. Studies show why: up to 50% of adults with ADHD also have anxiety disorders, suggesting what I thought was just anxiety might have been masking a deeper neurological difference.

I was shocked to learn that ADHD's downsides extended far beyond distraction. Untreated, it has profound effects on those who have it, to the point where it can shorten their lives by almost a decade.

‍A 2015 Lancet study found that people with untreated ADHD die, on average, 9.5 years earlier than their peers. Not from the condition itself, but from its cascade of negative effects: accidents, impulsive decisions, and self-medication.

Research shows adults with ADHD are also five times more likely to develop substance use disorders, with up to 25% struggling with drug or alcohol addiction. Suddenly, my five nights per week of partying and binge drinking throughout my twenties made a lot more sense—the only way I could relax during the stressful ramp-up of my businesses. Self-medication.

I also thought of the rampant drug and alcohol abuse in my extended family. Sure, this wasn’t a blanket explanation, but if what I was reading was true, there were likely a few family members who had untreated ADHD and had instead turned to drugs and alcohol, destroying their lives in the process.

Yet there's hope: studies show that stimulant medication works in 70–80% of cases, making it one of the most effective psychiatric treatments across any illness.

‍A Swedish study of over 38,000 individuals with ADHD found that stimulant medication reduced substance abuse rates by 31% compared to those not taking medication. The protective effect was even stronger in younger patients, with those 15 and under showing a 62% lower rate of substance abuse.

Fortunately, many patients who start taking stimulants as children respond so well they eventually stop needing medication by adulthood—the medication potentially rewiring their brains.

My concerns about treating children disappeared. This now seemed like a critical intervention.

‍But here's where the story takes an unexpected turn. It’s not all bad news—in fact, in many ways, ADHD can be a gift.

‍While ADHD can be challenging in traditional settings, these same traits can become surprising advantages in the right context. A recent study found that 27% of entrepreneurs have ADHD traits—three times the rate in the general population.

This includes some of the most successful business leaders: Richard Branson has been open about his ADHD diagnosis, crediting it for his creative thinking and risk-taking ability. JetBlue founder David Neeleman has described how ADHD helped him see opportunities others missed, while IKEA founder Ingvar Kamprad used his ADHD traits to build one of the world's largest furniture companies.

It makes a lot of sense. The very traits that make traditional jobs challenging become superpowers in entrepreneurship: a tendency to see the big picture while delegating details, the ability to hyperfocus intensely on whatever interests us, a knack for building systems to compensate for our weaknesses.

Even our social tendencies—the constant need to connect, share, and build relationships—create powerful networks that drive business success. The entrepreneurial world, with its constant change and need for adaptability, seems almost perfectly designed for minds that thrive on novelty and creative problem-solving.

ADHD may represent an evolutionary advantage that's mismatched with modern life. Some researchers propose these traits helped our ancestors excel at hunting—where heightened awareness of movement, quick reactions, and constant environmental scanning were crucial survival skills.

‍As Thom Hartmann puts it:

‍"The hunter is easily distracted by movement and sound—traits that make them exceptional at tracking prey but challenging in today's structured environments."

‍This perspective helps explain why ADHD traits correlate with entrepreneurial success. Both hunting and building businesses reward adaptability, quick pattern recognition, and comfort with uncertainty.

It's as if the business world had accidentally created the perfect environment for minds that don't fit the conventional mold. Suddenly, my own career path made a different kind of sense.

As I read all this, it was like watching dominoes fall in slow motion—each symptom clicking into place, each pattern revealing itself with almost painful clarity.

I realized the intricate web of systems I'd built wasn't just about being organized—it was a coping mechanism. I'd become obsessed with David Allen's Getting Things Done productivity system, spending hours maintaining its complex organization system.

My phone was filled with thousands of Siri reminders shouted while driving, desperately trying to capture the stream of urgent thoughts racing through my brain before they vanished like smoke.

‍I needed these systems because without them, important tasks would slip through the cracks of my unreliable working memory.

‍Every notification, every color-coded calendar entry, every obsessively maintained checklist was compensation for what my brain couldn't do naturally.

Reading about how ADHD plays out in romantic relationships and family life, I recognized myself.

Someone who would drift off during intimate conversations with my partner, yet could spend hours intensely focused on unrelated projects. Forgetting commitments and neglecting agreed upon chores.

I felt that I was a loving and supportive partner in many ways, but these seemingly basic aspects of home life felt inexplicably challenging.

‍These challenges weren't limited to relationships.

‍My work life prior to starting my company was equally difficult. I couldn't stick to the same routine tasks day in and day out and frequently jumped from job to job, impulsively quitting and moving on, sometimes without notice because I couldn't bear the idea of showing up to work another day.

So in 2006, driven more by desperation than inspiration, I started my first business. Over the next five years, I impulsively launched ten separate companies, attempting to be the CEO of all of them at once.

As you can imagine, this failed spectacularly. It wasn't until 2014 that I finally found my groove: buying great companies and hiring wonderful CEOs (who don't have ADHD) to run them.

‍My inability to handle details didn't leave me any choice but to embrace delegation.

‍While many entrepreneurs struggled to let go of tasks, I had the luxury of being absolutely terrible at them from the start.

My habit of getting obsessed with random parts of the business meant I'd go super deep on M&A for a few weeks, suddenly get bored, then jump to product, then marketing—basically whatever shiny object caught my attention that week.

This scattered approach somehow worked in my favor—being an inch deep and a mile wide on every part of the business turned out to be exactly what a CEO needed to be.

Then there was my insatiable need to meet new people and socialize—often the most immediately rewarding part of my day, a reliable hit of dopamine. I'd strike up conversations with anyone, everywhere.

Not so much networking as a complete failure to hold my cards close to my chest. This chronic oversharing somehow worked in my favor. When problems came up, I usually knew someone who could help.

Within a matter of weeks, I had booked a formal diagnosis, and a month later, my neurologist's suspicions were confirmed: I had inattentive ADHD. They recommended a stimulant, and one day I buckled up and took Vyvanse.

‍It was transformative in a way I never expected.

‍The most surprising thing was the quiet. My brain previously felt like Times Square at New Year's, hundreds of thoughts competing for attention at once. On Vyvanse, it was more like a library. One thought at a time, each one getting its proper attention before moving to the next.

Imagine living your whole life with a radio playing static in your head, and then someone finally shows you where the 'off' switch is. That feeling of being overwhelmed by midday, like hitting an invisible cognitive wall—vanished. Since I started treatment, for the first time in my life, I feel calm, focused, and present.

‍I'm sharing all this because for years, I felt kind of broken.

‍Like I was constantly letting everyone down. Sure, I'd found ways to cope—building a business where I could delegate all the things I was terrible at, engineering a scaffolding of to-do lists and reminders, and surrounding myself with amazing people who could handle what I couldn't.

But that strategy falls apart in your personal life. You can't delegate being a dad, or a partner, or a friend. Those relationships require consistency, attention to detail, being present—exactly the things ADHD makes so challenging.

The impact on family life has also been notable. Before, by dinner time, my mental energy would be completely depleted. I'd be there physically, but mentally checked out, running on empty after a day of trying to keep it all together.

Now I can follow a bedtime story without my mind wandering off to work emails, or sit through a family dinner without yawning or zoning out. The day I first took medication, all I kept thinking was that I wish I'd been taking this my whole life, or at the very least, before my kids were born.

‍All this is to say, getting diagnosed has been transformative for me.

‍Like discovering the long-lost manual to my brain and realizing I've been using it wrong this whole time. I wanted to share in hopes that someone like me—who's struggling but has never thought about ADHD—might read this, see themselves in it, and seek treatment themselves.

If you're reading this and any of it sounds familiar, I'd recommend checking out The ADHD Effect on Marriage by Melissa Orlov and Dr. Russell Barkley's excellent book, Taking Charge of Adult ADHD. Both were super helpful in figuring this out.

And if you're listening to some of this and nodding along, thinking you might have it too, you could try prompting ChatGPT with this prompt to suss it out:

‍Act as a clinician conducting a pre-assessment for ADHD. Ask me structured, clinically relevant questions to explore my symptoms, history, and their impact on my life. Cover: core symptoms (inattention, hyperactivity, impulsivity), their effect on daily life (work, relationships, self-care), medical and family history, lifestyle factors (sleep, diet, stress), coping strategies, and how long symptoms have persisted. Summarize my responses into a professional document I can share with a clinician.

‍You should also watch the excellent YouTube video on diagnosis by Russel Barkley, which I link in the thread below.

‍Of course, ChatGPT can't diagnose you, but it can give you a sense if maybe it's something to look into.

‍There are tons of telehealth pill-mills that ask you ten questions then rubber stamp you a lifetime prescription of stimulants—you should avoid those. I think it's worth doing a full assessment, which is a multi-hour process that includes qualitative and quantitative testing.

I got diagnosed at ​Resilient Health​ in Victoria and was impressed by how thorough they were. The assessment wasn't some quick DSM checklist. It was a comprehensive process involving interviews with me, as well as Zoe and my family, coupled with extensive attention and memory tests. It took about six hours altogether, and at the end I had a detailed document explaining both my ADHD diagnosis and my overall psychological profile.

And if you're curious about brain health in general—something almost nobody seems to assess outside of my extreme health nerd friends—the neurologist who identified this for me was ​Dr. Kellyann Niotis​. She's amazing, and I highly recommend checking her out, ADHD or not.

‍Do you have ADHD too? I'm keen to hear your thoughts and experiences. I’m only a few months into navigating this, so I have much to learn :-)

Here’s a ​link to a Google Doc​ with a bunch of the resources I found helpful through this journey.
‍

Men: no offense, but you dress like shit.

‍Seriously, most of you look like dopes.

I'm not any better.

For years, I'd wear the same uniform: hoodie, Patagonia jacket, and some dorky but comfortable shoes.

After getting divorced though, I knew I needed to get it together.

I hired a "Personal Stylist" (actually not that expensive) and had her send me a whole bunch of outfits.

And I started getting compliments daily! It felt amazing!

Because after all: the outfit makes the man.

We think we need to get ripped. But honestly, wearing a well-layered and color coordinated outfit and nice shoes is 90% of the battle.

I loved having a personal stylist, but found it kind of annoying having to depend on someone else to not look like a schmoe.

But then something crazy happened:

‍I started just asking ChatGPT instead.

‍Every day, I'd upload a photo of whatever pants I was wearing and say "complete this outfit".

I was amazed by how good it was. And it got better over time, as I trained a custom GPT on my wardrobe.

Suddenly I didn't need my personal stylist—I had an AI one.

But my ChatGPT based system was kind of fiddly. It required prompting and uploading lots of photos and messing with instructions to produce something good.

So, I saw an opportunity. I called up my friend Hamza and told him I wanted to turn this into a thin wrapper app.

That was about 4 months ago, and now we have a beta that uses OpenAI and a few other APIs to achieve the same thing in a beautiful app.

‍TLDR: it's called Vibe and here's how it works:

‍1. Take photos of all your key wardrobe items (t-shirts, pants, overskirts, jackets, watches, etc).

2. Tell it what kind of outfits you need (date, work, etc) as well as the season (summer, winter, etc).

3. It generates beautifully layered and coloured coordinated outfits utilizing your wardrobe items and then renders an image of what that outfit looks like.

‍It's really cool. We have a ​beta live on the iOS App Store​. It's still pretty rough, but you can see where it's going and play with it.

‍But I have a problem:

‍I don't know what to do with it. I don't know the first thing about scaling an app like this.

‍I need someone to take it over and turn it into something and I don’t want to be the one who funds it.

‍I actually think it's a great idea and a really well built app, but now I need someone young and hungry to turn it into a real business.

I'm down to give someone 50%+ of the equity and pass the baton.

Know someone great? Send them my way.
‍

Random Stuff:

I’m looking for a private covered or indoor pickleball court in Victoria, BC that I can rent/borrow/beg for during the winters. Does anyone have any leads? The only one I’m aware of is a 40 min drive away so I’m looking for something more central.
‍
‘Song In My Head’ by Madison Cunningham is stuck on repeat in my brain. ​Very good​.
‍
I have a lot of small interior design projects that are small enough to not necessitate my favorite interior design firm (​Studio Roslyn​) but still require someone with great taste. For example: choosing a nice light fixture in a random secondary bathroom / Doing a simple kitchen reno in one of my rental properties.

I’m looking for a young, scrappy (read: affordable) person with incredible taste and experience with projects like this. I’m willing to take a bit of a chance on someone, but you can’t be a complete amateur and you have to demonstrate that you have great taste and have done a few projects somehow. If you know someone like this, email me :-)
‍
I'll be visiting Pheonix/Scottsdale for a few days in the next couple weeks and I'd love to meet interesting people. If anyone is based there, email me!
‍

That’s all for now…

-Andrew

‍

​Did you enjoy this newsletter? Say thanks by checking out one of my businesses:

​​Find a designer on Dribbble​​
​​Make the perfect morning coffee using an AeroPress​​
​​Review a movie on Letterboxd​​
​​Get hyper-caffeinated on Mateina​​
​​Buy a bronze bust of Charlie Munger or Warren Buffett​​
​​Hire Metalab to design or build your next app or website​​
​​Or go check out one of our many other business​​
​Follow me on Twitter/X: ​@awilkinson​​

Forwarded this message? Sign up ​here​.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




I committed email suicide.
January 22, 2025
Hello friend,

Why you’re getting this: this is my Friends Newsletter, a brain dump of interesting things that I send to interesting people I've met and friends I want to stay in touch with. Zero pressure to stick around—just click unsubscribe if you don’t want to get it (don’t worry, I won’t be notified).

Here’s what I’m thinking about…

For years, my inbox has been my prison. A treadmill of pseudo-productivity that eats my every waking minute. Always desperate to get to the elusive “inbox zero,” but never quite succeeding.

I’ve tried every app. Every filtering strategy. I even built ​custom software​ so that I’d only get email in batches a few times a day.

‍Nothing worked. Like an addict, my thoughts would always drift back to that horrible fucking number.

The unread badge. All the opportunities I was missing. People I was letting down. Money being lit on fire if X or Y problem wasn’t solved imminently.

So, six months ago, I did the only thing an addict can do: I quit.

I deleted all the email apps on my phone, then used Screen Time and ​Freedom​ to make email completely inaccessible by app or browser and had my girlfriend set the password.

I gave my assistant an extensive list of how to triage the inbox (what to send where). Then I asked her to create a Google Doc for each day’s important emails and copy/paste any messages she felt needed a response into the doc once a day.

It was simple and extremely manual—and oddly enough, it worked.

Today, every 3-5 days, I go into the folder with all the email Google Docs and skim through them. I scratch out some responses, and then I forget about email for another few days.

It has freed up my time more than any other “life hack”.

I no longer suffer under the shackles of my inbox. It’s amazing how much a bit of psychological distance makes.

The problems are the same. The volume is the same. I’m just not aware of it as often.

And what happened? Nothing. No negative feedback from anyone, just more time to work and less stress on my plate hour-to-hour.

A bit like only reading the news once a week(something I have also implemented that has immeasurably improved my life).

By the way, if you want to implement this for yourself, you should hire an assistant from ​Athena​. My assistant, Tina, is incredible. She’s based in the Philippines and we pay ⅓ of what we’d pay in North America for far better attention and service.
‍

Quick update on ​PressurePros​, the pressure washing business I launched here in Victoria with a random college kid I met.

‍So far, we’ve completed thousands of dollars of work and have quoted over $10,000 in jobs. Huge thanks to all the readers who reached out with cleaning jobs after my last email—the guys are absolutely pumped! If any more of you have a mossy deck or grimy walkway, ​get in touch​.

My role has mainly been behind the scenes, focusing on finances (like buying all the equipment), marketing (Google Ads, promotions, demand generation), and tech. I’ve been blown away by how good small business software has become.

We’re running almost everything through ​Jobber​—from tracking leads to quoting, invoicing, billing, scheduling, and even dispatching the team. It’s incredible software, and I’m seriously impressed with how seamless it makes operations.

Between AI (which I used to write, build and generate photos for the website and ad copy) and all the great modern software and payments infrastructure, being a small business entrepreneur in 2025 is pretty awesome.
‍

When people are impressed that I'm the guy who started Metalab, I chuckle. Why? Because behind the scenes it was complete and utter chaos. It was a few acne-scarred 20-year-olds with absolutely no idea how to run a business trying a lot of random stuff (and mostly failing).

Today, ​Metalab​ is the world’s top product design firm working with Fortune 500 companies. But back then, almost twenty years ago—man, I feel old—we were clueless nobodies working out of a tiny hovel of an apartment.

My pal (and employee #2 at Metalab), Mark Nichols, just posted a ​nostalgic tweet thread​ about what it was like, complete with embarrassing pictures from our first office.

It’s a wild flashback and a good reminder that big things start small. It was also, ironically, when business was the absolute most fun (though, like most youths, we didn’t appreciate that at the moment).

‍“I wish I didn’t know now what I didn’t know then” —Bob Seger

‍Speaking of which, if you’re running a dainty little agency like we were back in the day and you need a shoulder to cry on, Mark recently hung up his spurs and started coaching agency owners. ​You guys should talk​.
‍

If a scientist scraped my children’s teeth, they would probably discover new antibiotics. Let’s be real: kids barely brush their teeth. Mine certainly don’t.

Sure, the toothbrush goes in their mouths, but they’re chatting, dancing, and usually lucky if it grazes a tooth or two.

I recently got my boys ​Autobrush​ toothbrushes. They are basically bristled U-shaped electric toothbrushes that clean their entire mouth in 30 seconds. They also flash bright lights and play a little song which the boys are big fans of.

In clinical studies, the Autobrush proved to be 27 times more effective at removing plaque than manual toothbrushes. While traditional brushing only reduced plaque by 1.9%, the Autobrush achieved a 50.6% reduction across the entire mouth.

I’m a big fan, as are the boys. ​Check them out here​.
‍

I’ve been learning about a man that Charlie Munger called the greatest business operator of all time.

‍​James J. Hill​ built the Great Northern Railway in the late 1800s without federal land grants (unlike his competitors) and created one of the only transcontinental railroads that never went bankrupt (also unlike his competitors, who almost all went bankrupt). He was obsessively focused on the details—personally testing different grades of coal to cut fuel costs and even redesigning locomotive wheels to handle steep mountain grades more efficiently. Think Elon Musk of the 19th century, but with less drama.

My friend David Senra (host of my all-time favorite podcast, ​Founders​) introduced me to this awesome 4-part documentary about Hill and his impact on the Pacific Northwest. The documentary is great, very Ken Burns-y, but oddly only available on Vimeo.​

You can check it out here​
‍

I don’t know why, but I absolutely hate calling restaurants to book reservations. Sure, lots of places are on OpenTable, but many popular restaurants still require phone calls.

Of all the AI tools I've been experimenting with, ​Lindy​ has blown me away with its ability to create agents that can handle traditionally human tasks.

For example, I just fixed this problem for myself by making an AI agent that calls restaurants to make reservations for me.

‍Here’s how it works:

‍1. I text it the name of the restaurant, desired time and number of guests.

2. It calls the restaurant (in an incredibly real sounding voice) and makes the reservation.

3. If they don't have the time available, it texts me some alternate times (and can call back to make them). If they do, it books it.

4. Once booked, it adds it to my calendar and texts me to let me know the details.

If the restaurant asks, it can even provide allergies and other details, and it's powered by ​Claude​ so it can handle pretty much any line of conversation. It's also trained to tell the person it's my AI assistant if they ask or get weirded out by the voice.

Check out a ​video of me demoing it here​. This only took me about 10 minutes to put together.

This is one of the more basic automations I've created—we are currently in the process of implementing some wild stuff using agents within some of our businesses, which I'll share more about soon.

In the meantime, go play with ​Lindy​ and experience this insanity yourself.
‍

Zoe and I have been listening to ​Rubber Soul by The Beatles​ on repeat this week.

I think it might be their best album. Fight me.
‍

That’s all for now…

-Andrew

‍

​Did you enjoy this newsletter? Say thanks by checking out one of my businesses:

​​Find a designer on Dribbble​​
​​Make the perfect morning coffee using an AeroPress​​
​​Review a movie on Letterboxd​​
​​Get hyper-caffeinated on Mateina​​
​​Buy a bronze bust of Charlie Munger or Warren Buffett​​
​​Hire Metalab to design or build your next app or website​​
​​Or go check out one of our many other business​​
​Follow me on Twitter/X: ​@awilkinson

‍Forwarded this message? Sign up ​here​.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




Are you insane?
December 31, 2024
Hello friend,

Why you’re getting this: this is my Friends Newsletter, a monthly brain dump of interesting things that I send to interesting people I've met and friends I want to stay in touch with. Zero pressure to stick around—just click unsubscribe if you don’t want to get it (don’t worry, I won’t be notified).

Here’s what I’m thinking about…

Every year, I sit down on New Year’s Day and ask where I’m acting insane.

‍I set aside a few hours and fill out a ​Year Compass​, and also review what I wrote the year before.

It's a free PDF that helps you reflect on the last year and plan the next one. My annual life audit.

I've found it really impactful, and it has helped me make some major changes over the years.

After all, as that apocryphal Albert Einstein quote goes:

‍“The definition of insanity is trying the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result.”

‍For me it often prompts questions like:

‍Why do I keep getting coffee with that guy I don't enjoy?

Why haven't I been finding time to write even though it makes me happy?

When am I going to put that failing project to bed?

When am I going to finally make time for consistent exercise?

‍It’s been a really useful exercise and I look forward to it every year.

That said, I've always found filling out the PDF in Adobe Acrobat borderline nightmarish. It often garbles the formatting and a couple times I've lost it all and had to start from scratch.

Thankfully, ​Michelle Lu​ just launched a digital version of it just in time for New Years.

Check it out here, your future self will thank you: ​https://yearcompass.vercel.app​
‍

I was speaking at the Business School at the University of Victoria last month and this young guy walked up to me after my talk.

‍He told me he’d started a landscaping business back home in Calgary, but now he was in business school and feeling a bit lost.

I told him he should start another business. That getting an MBA is fine, but nothing beats experience.

After some brainstorming, we decided to launch a pressure washing business together. We quickly threw together a website and brand and started buying equipment.

It’s called ​PressurePros​ and we’re now live in Victoria. We’ve done our first few jobs and the feedback has been great.

If you’re based here and need your property (residential or commercial) pressure washed, ​email Andan​ and tell him I sent you. 💪
‍

This weekend, I found myself gritting my teeth. It was like there was an itch I couldn't quite scratch in my brain. Work felt unsatisfying. My family's usual quirks grated on my nerves. Everything just felt off.

Then I glanced at my Apple Watch, and the answer became clear. Two complications, little dials on either side of my screen, told the whole story: my training load had plunged to the bottom, and my sleep quality was in the red. I'd been traveling and—of course—both were off kilter.

There's a simple checklist to run first.

‍Have I eaten well?
Have I slept enough?
Have I moved my body?

‍I've worn an Apple Watch for years and mostly been underwhelmed. Despite collecting nearly a decade of health data, I'd gained few meaningful insights. It had become little more than an expensive calendar and weather widget strapped to my wrist.

But the latest WatchOS update has finally made my data useful with its Vitals features. It's elegantly simple: track your sleep patterns and workout intensity, then display clear visual gauges when you're falling below your baselines.

Now when I see them dipping, it's a nudge: time to grab my tennis racket or get to bed earlier. A simple, but insanely useful little feature that I love.

(And one that also may put devices like the Whoop and Oura Ring out of business.)

‍

I hate banking in Canada. Canadian banks are ten years behind the US and effectively hold a government-backed monopoly.

Zero competition = zero innovation.

Each bank is a bloated hedge maze of bureaucracy. And don’t even get me started on their apps and websites or their approach to tech companies…

I remember, a few years ago, a major Canadian bank wanted us to put down a $25,000 deposit in order to get a corporate credit card simply because we were a tech company. (At a time when we did over $50 million dollars in revenue and were highly profitable!)

It's gotten better since then. The Canadian banks have woken up and now lend to tech companies, but I’m always jealous of all the incredible tools my American friends get. Ramp. Mercury. Rippling.

These tools are finally rolling out in Canada, and my current favorite is a Toronto-based startup called ​Vault​. I’ve moved all of my companies over to it.

‍A few cool details:

‍- You can create corporate cards for anyone in an instant. Both physical and virtual. This is perfect for spinning up virtual cards to put all your software on.

Software spend getting out of hand? Just cancel your team’s credit cards quarterly and spin up new ones—people will not sign back up for the stuff they aren’t using (this strategy has already saved us tens of thousands of dollars).

- You can set spend and transaction type limits (for example, you could make a card for your assistant with a $500 limit that only works at gas stations)

- No FX fees (this is huge for Canadians)

- And even manage all your outgoing wires and accounts payable/receivables right from Vault

I’m a huge fan. It’s so nice to see fintech innovation like this finally coming to Canada.

‍​Check it out here​
‍

I think I’ve found the perfect shoe.

‍As they always seem to, Lululemon has taken something we’re all used to and subtly improved upon. In my mind, they are the Dyson of clothing (perfecting simple, everyday things, with engineering and design).

For example: I’ve always hated men’s bathing suits. The liner rides up. They’re always slightly too short. They puff up whenever you get into a hot tub then release a massive air bubble, which looks like you’ve just released a fart. A few years ago, Lululemon released the ​perfect men’s bathing suit​. It looks great, and has none of these issues.

Well, now they’ve done the same thing for men’s shoes. I recently got a pair of the ​Men’s Cityverse Sneakers​ and within weeks they became my default shoe. They look sharp, feel like walking on a pillow, and are rugged and well built. I’m a fan.
‍

Dr. Andrew Huberman has instilled the fear of god in me. Every evening, I dim every light in our house, scuttling around like a poor man’s Dracula, avoiding blue light.

After all, as Huberman has ​so loudly proclaimed​, blue light after sunset destroys your sleep. It makes it harder to go to bed, affects your sleep quality, and alters your circadian rhythm.

I think we all know this intuitively. I’ve always found that on camping trips or when the power goes out, I often fall asleep earlier and feel more relaxed. But I’ve really embraced dimming all the lights in our house in the evening over the last few years and found it helps my sleep a ton.

The one type of light that doesn’t affect your sleep, however, is red light, and I recently found these ​great little Helight red light pucks​.

As for those moments where I need to watch a movie with my girlfriend, I don these insanely fashionable ​blue light blocking glasses​.

So, if you want to embrace your inner Dracula and sleep like the dead, go grab a few red light pucks, slap on a pair of blue light blocking glasses, and let yourself drift off.

I think you’ll be surprised by how much of a difference it makes. (And just how embarrassed your partner will be, even though nobody else is around.)
‍

I’m a terrible dresser. For years, I dressed like a dope, but last year I started using ChatGPT as my personal stylist. Suddenly, I started getting compliments.

It was simple stuff.

“Add a silver watch”
“Change the gray shirt to white for better contrast”
“Layer a sweater under the jacket”

But it made a big difference.

Over the past few months, a friend and I have been working on turning this into an app. It’s still powered by OpenAI/ChatGPT, but it’s much simpler to use.

‍TLDR:

‍1. Take photos of your wardrobe
2. It creates outfits for you and renders beautiful images of what they look like

We’re looking for beta testers. Email ​tina@tiny.com​ with the subject “Fashion Beta Test” and we’ll add you to the Testflight :-)
‍

JOB POST: Seeking a Web Whiz Nephew

‍I need to hire someone based in Victoria to help me with random IT/tech problems (configuring smart devices, wireless networking — all the little tasks I don’t have time for). Previously a UVIC student helped me with this stuff, but he’s off to grad school and I’ve lost him.

Any leads? This would be the perfect job for me 20 years ago. A student or someone early in their career that loves computers. Not super highly paid (around $20 per hour), but it’s pretty fun work and a million times better than most jobs at that age. Email me if you know someone who would be a fit.
‍

That’s all for now…

-Andrew

‍

​Did you enjoy this newsletter? Say thanks by checking out one of my businesses:

​​Find a designer on Dribbble​​
​​Make the perfect morning coffee using an AeroPress​​
​​Review a movie on Letterboxd​​
​​Get hyper-caffeinated on Mateina​​
​​Buy a bronze bust of Charlie Munger or Warren Buffett​​
​​Hire Metalab to design or build your next app or website​​
​​Or go check out one of our many other business​​
​Follow me on Twitter/X: ​@awilkinson​​

Forwarded this message? Sign up ​here​.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




Your parents put you down and never picked you back up.
December 9, 2024
Hello friend,

Why you’re getting this: this is my Friends Newsletter, a monthly brain dump of interesting things that I send to interesting people I've met and friends I want to stay in touch with. Zero pressure to stick around—just click unsubscribe if you don’t want to get it (don’t worry, I won’t be notified).

Here’s what I’m thinking about this month…

We just released Tiny’s ​Q3 earnings​:

‍- $46M revenue

- $7.3M Adjusted EBITDA

- $4.9M of debt paid off, a 14% YTD reduction.

- $9.8M recurring revenue

‍Wins:

🎬 ​Letterboxd​: Hit 15M registered users (+62% since acquisition, just over a year ago)

‍📄 ​Clean Canvas​: Revenue up 32% since acquisition

‍☕️ ​AeroPress​: Launched AeroPress Premium, an all metal and glass version of our iconic coffee maker

‍💰 $4M+ annual savings from cost rationalization, with full impact expected in Q4 2024 & 2025.

I’m thrilled about everything we’re building right now. Jordan, Mike, Austin, and the rest of the team are absolutely crushing it. If you have a business you’d like to sell us, or know someone who does, email ​austin@tiny.com​ and tell him I sent you.
‍

I had a really fun time on my friend Greg Eisenberg’s podcast last month.‍
‍
His format is simple: I brought 3-4 startup ideas that had crossed my mind recently and we dug into each. I hope you steal one for yourself. ​Listen here​
‍

I’ve been rediscovering ​Blue​, my favorite Joni Mitchell album. Every few years, I get obsessed with it. I can’t underscore enough how mind bogglingly beautiful it is. Listen to the lyrics: ​A Case of You​​ (YouTube)
‍

There was a day, many years ago, when your parents put you down and never picked you back up.

‍The same is true of many wonderful things in life. Tim Urban put it poignantly in his 2015 piece ​The Tail End​: "It turns out that when I graduated from high school, I had already used up 93% of my in-person parent time. I'm now enjoying the last 5% of that time. We're in the tail end."

‍This doesn't just apply to parents. Many life experiences follow a similar pattern.

As we age, we meet fewer new friends. We stop seeing live music. We travel in less adventurous ways. For most people, unfortunately, our worlds gradually contract.

The realization that struck me recently was that it had been years since I had danced.

In my twenties, two or three nights a week, I would get drunk and dance at nightclubs for hours on end. I loved it.

Then I quit drinking. Had kids. Started going to bed at 9 PM.

Suddenly, dancing was...just gone from my life. It felt like a small part of me had died—as silly as that might sound.

A few weeks ago, I discovered a local group that meets every Sunday to dance. It's sober. At 11 AM every Sunday in a big events space, a DJ does a 90-minute set and 70-100 people dance their heads off. Old and young, some with dreads and flowing robes, others wearing polo shirts and slacks. No rhyme or reason. Just people who love to dance, letting loose.

It's called ​Dance Temple​. It started in Vancouver, and now there are groups all over the place.

It sure beats being hungover. If you miss dancing, I highly recommend seeing if something like this exists in your city.
‍

I’m hosting an AMA with my Twitter/X Subscribers.

‍Tuesday, Dec 17th
11:15am - 12:15pm PST

‍I’ve been deep in the AI tools rabbit hole. Join to hear what’s actually worth your time and ask me anything (about that, or other stuff).
‍
Sign up ​here​ to get the event in your calendar. Subscribe to my Twitter/X account and I will post more details on the Subscriber feed.

To get a sense of our AMAs, check out ​this one​ I did with my friend ​Sam Parr​ over the summer.
‍

I’ve recommended way too many things to keep track of over the years, so I had my team compile it onto one page. Books. Software. Gadgets. Sunscreen. You name it. Click ​here​ to get the full list.
‍

Our equities analyst, Gwen Hofmeyr, left last year to start her own research firm.

‍She just launched a subscription research product. If you're a public market investor, I highly recommend checking it out. She has uncovered a ton of value over the last few years and I’m a big fan. ​Info here​ or ​email her for info​.
‍

That’s all for now…

-Andrew

‍

​Did you enjoy this newsletter? Say thanks by checking out one of my businesses:

​​Find a designer on Dribbble​​
​​Make the perfect morning coffee using an AeroPress​​
​​Review a movie on Letterboxd​​
​​Get hyper-caffeinated on Mateina​​
​​Buy a bronze bust of Charlie Munger or Warren Buffett​​
​​Hire Metalab to design or build your next app or website​​
​​Or go check out one of our many other business​​
​Follow me on Twitter/X: ​@awilkinson​​

Forwarded this message? Sign up ​here​.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




You should ignore your kids.
October 29, 2024
Hey everyone,

If you're new here, welcome to Never Enough, where I brain dump interesting stuff that has been on my mind over the last week.

‍

It’s almost impossible to stay on top of AI. It seems like every day there’s something crazy happening.
​
My new favorite podcast makes it easy. It’s called AI For Humans and aside from providing a deep dive into the latest AI news, it’s absolutely freaking hilarious.
​
I laugh my head off every single episode, the hosts, Kevin Pereira and Gavin Purcell could easily pass for professional comedians.
​
Highly recommend. Go check it out. Spotify / YouTube / Apple Podcasts​
​

How to be a great parent by ignoring your kids.
​
​I found myself scratching my head while listening to a recent episode of The Daily, all about the misery of modern parenting.
​
When did raising children become so exhausting? According to the podcast, 71% of parents report that parenting is more stressful than ever before. So much so that even the U.S. Surgeon General has declared parenting a significant health risk.
​
​Let’s take a minute to let that set in.
​
​A role that is foundational to humanity’s very existence—alongside eating and sleeping—is now so burdened with stress that it’s become a mental health crisis.
​
In fact, modern parenting makes us so miserable that an increasing number of people are deciding not to have children at all.
​
I’ve seen this firsthand: when I speak to people under 30, many of them are opting out of parenthood entirely.
​
Sometimes it’s due to concerns about climate change, but more often, it’s because they’ve seen others struggle with parenthood and decided it doesn’t seem appealing.
​
​Fair enough. Modern parenting is a sad existence for many.
​
​We modern parents have calendars that look like a game of Tetris. 4:00 PM soccer practice, 5:30 PM piano lessons, 6:45 PM math tutoring, weekend slots filled with never-ending dance recitals and birthday parties. We transition from an autonomous child-free existence to a tiny human’s full-time taxi driver, personal assistant, therapist, and security detail.
​
We live in constant fear of traumatizing our kids, as if the slightest lapse in parental calm could spiral into a lifetime of intravenous drug use.
​
We’re consumed with guilt for using daycare, hiring help, or even taking time for ourselves, as if involving others in caregiving somehow diminishes our role or negatively impacts our children’s development.
​
And we hover at playgrounds, ensuring our delicate children are saved from any unnecessary bumps or scrapes.
​
Opportunities for work, hobbies, or simply having adult conversations are put aside—all sacrificed at the altar of ‘perfect’ parenting.
​
​No wonder parents are so unhappy.
​
​And why?
​
​Because it’s completely unnatural.​
​
​Humans are happiest when they live in alignment with their instincts.
​
Think about what makes us feel great - the experiences that light up our brains with feel-good chemicals like serotonin and oxytocin:
​
- Deep friendships forged through shared experiences
​
- Intimate connections and romance
​
- The pleasure of a meal shared with loved ones
​
- The rush of physical movement and play
​
- The belonging that comes from being part of a community
​
- The grounding effect of time spent in nature
​
It's no coincidence that these are the things our brains are designed for, and continue to make us happy. We're running the same "hardware" (our brains) as our hunter gatherer ancestors, so it's no surprise that we enjoy the same things that they would have done.
​
It just feels right to lift heavy objects, wander around in nature, eat tasty food, and laugh with friends—the very things that are being sacrificed in modern parenting.
​
​What’s wild is that this is an altogether new phenomenon. Just a few decades ago, children roamed their neighborhoods unaccompanied until dinner.
​
​Parents were preoccupied with work, social activities, and sports. The idea was that kids could entertain themselves.
​
My generation was one of the last to experience this: In the early 90s, by the time I was around eight years old, I was completely free range. No cell phone. No parents watching. Just me and my buddies riding around in a pack on our bikes throwing rocks at stuff. I’m grateful I got to experience this—but I worry that unless I fight for it, my own children won’t have this same level of freedom, autonomy, and the confidence that comes with it.
​
Based on what we know about hunter gatherer societies, caregiving was communal, with adults sharing the responsibility for watching over children, a system known as “alloparenting”. Studies of groups like the !Kung San and Hadza show that older children often cared for younger ones, allowing parents more time for work and leisure. This communal approach promoted social learning and independence among children, while reducing the parenting burden on any one adult. Kids ran around in a pack, with the older kids taking care of the younger ones, while the parents hung out, went hunting, and all that other Hunter Gatherer-y stuff.
​
There was no hovering or formalized instruction. Adults did their own thing and left the kids to their own devices unless safety concerns arose, allowing them to learn from their own mistakes and build independence. Children fit into their parents’ lives, not the other way around.
​
​This communal, more relaxed approach worked for hundreds of thousands of years. But over the last few decades, something shifted.
​
​Here’s a Before/After comparison:
​
​- Communal Parenting ➞ Two parents trapped in a lonely house with little kids
​
- Natural, Outdoor Play ➞ Structured indoor play with technology and educational toys
​
- Free-Range Exploration ➞ Supervised, scheduled playdates and activities
​
- Shared Childcare ➞ Childcare limited to parents and grandparents
​
- Intergenerational Interaction ➞ Nuclear family units with minimal extended family interaction
​
- Inherent Physical Activity ➞ Sedentary lifestyles with scheduled exercise
​
- Attachment to a Broad Group of Caregivers ➞ Focus on primary attachment to one or two parents
​
​So what changed?
​
​In the late 20th century, a shift occurred in the psyche of North American parents—a shift not rooted in science or logic, but in something far more insidious: fear.
​
The 1980s marked a turning point. The faces of missing children began appearing on milk cartons. Shows like America's Most Wanted turned rare tragedies into prime-time entertainment. Cable news discovered that stories of child abduction drove ratings, creating what sociologists now call "mean world syndrome" - the belief that the world is far more dangerous than statistics show. A generation of parents internalized these fears, despite living in what may be the safest time in human history to raise children.
​
​Consider this truly insane fact:
​
​The statistical likelihood of your child being abducted by a stranger is about 1 in 1.5 million, according to the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children.
​
​To put that in perspective, your child is twice as likely to be struck by lightning, an event that hardly dictates our daily choices. Yet, the disproportionate fear of abduction has led parents to cocoon their children in layers of protection that earlier generations would find unrecognizable.
​
Ironically, studies have shown that this overprotective ‘helicopter’ parenting hinders a child’s ability to navigate the world independently, leading to heightened anxiety and diminished problem-solving skills. A study published in the Journal of Child and Family Studies found that children granted less autonomy experienced higher stress levels and lower overall life satisfaction.
​
So, in our quest to shield our children from improbable dangers, we’re inadvertently exposing them to the very real risks of anxiety, dependency, and a diminished sense of self.
​
​How do we fix this in our own families?
​
​Imagine if I told you that the secret to losing weight was to eat more ice cream.
​
Well, this is one of those magical situations where the solution is actually to take the easy road.
​
It’s simple: give yourself a break. Stop over-scheduling, stop trying to constantly entertain and enrich your kids, and instead embrace what has worked for tens of thousands of years.
​
​Here’s what I’ve been doing in our household:
​
​- I’ve stopped entertaining the boys—I let them get bored and engage in creative play, ideally in the backyard. If they want to join in what I’m doing or help, that’s great. Of course, I’ll step in if someone is badly injured, and we still have lots of nice family rituals (reading time, family dinner, sports, etc.), but most of the time, it’s their job to entertain themselves.
​
I’m always amazed by how, after a few minutes of whining, they disappear into a corner of the house, immersed in their own little world for hours.
​
- I’m resisting scheduling their time (one sport each—that’s it).
​
- I’m inviting large groups of their friends over to recreate “packs” of kids. (I find I don’t hear from them for hours when we do this—they completely occupy themselves.)
​
- I limit screens. (I do let them use iPads, but they’re strictly screen-timed, and once the timer is up, that’s it.)
​
- I bring them along with me to run errands. (They always complain at first, but end up having fun.)
​
- I try to focus on activities we both enjoy (versus standing around at some kid activity I hate.).
​
- I coordinate with other parents to pawn my children off for playdates at their house, or vice versa, and get together with other families to share meals as often as I can. (It’s amazing how much easier it is parenting as a group.)
​
- Soon, I’m going to start letting them bike to the park or play dates on their own. (I’m also working on getting more parents to agree to collectively send their kids to parks at the same time, so they aren’t doing this alone.
​
The evidence is clear: humans have successfully raised resilient, capable children for over 300,000 years without this anxiety-riddled misery. The solution to modern parenting isn't to parent harder - it's to parent lazier.
​
​If we don’t, the next generation will have two options:​
​
1. Live a semi-miserable, stress-filled existence for 18-years (have kids).
​
2. Never discover the wonders of raising a child, one of the great joys of life (no kids).
​
That’s a depressing thought, and potentially a real threat to humanity’s future.
​
So do your part. Join me in becoming a negligent parent (by today’s crazy standards) and embrace laziness!
​

Huberman says…
​
​A few years ago, Tiny teamed up with Dr. Andrew Huberman to acquire Mateina, a Montreal-based company specializing in premium yerba mate.
​
Mateina’s loose-leaf and canned yerba mate have become a daily ritual for me, thanks to yerba mate’s health benefits and mellow caffeine high. (I find it much less anxiety-inducing than coffee, despite having over 120 mg of caffeine.)
​
Now, they’ve made it even easier to enjoy yerba mate anytime, anywhere, with their latest innovation: yerba mate + electrolyte sticks.
​
Simply tear open a stick, stir it into hot or cold water, and you’ll have a refreshing drink packed with naturally occurring caffeine. Plus, it’s infused with a custom blend of electrolytes formulated by Huberman himself, enhancing both the taste and the benefits. It’s perfect for travel or whenever you need a quick pick-me-up on the go.
​
​Go buy some here​
​

I hate wealth managers.
​
​Most of them add zero value and charge you a fortune to do something you could do yourself for free (build a diversified ETF portfolio).
​
And yet there’s so many of them.
​
It’s not logical, but people like having “a guy” they trust. A trustworthy man or woman they met at the golf club who looks good in a suit and gives them a firm handshake.
​
Why? Because investing is kind of scary for most people.
​
You can explain ETFs and Peter Lynch (“buy what you know”) and all that stuff, but ultimately, most people prefer having “a guy”.
​
What sucks is, that person—usually a generically handsome tall man with salt and pepper hair and a name like Chase, Brock, or Preston—often doesn’t know what the hell he’s talking about.
​
I can’t tell you how many times I've had these wealth management dudes pitch me, then watched them melt like a popsicle in death valley when I ask them the most basic investing questions.
​
Unfortunately, most of them are just sales people who sell you something you could easily buy yourself.
​
But I digress. Look—some of you are just going to want “a guy.”
​
So, I’d like to refer you to someone who I love.
​
My friend Jon Ronkai runs an accounting firm, and for almost 20 years he’s been investing his own money. He’s a dyed-in-the-wool value investor, and we actually met because we’re both part of a group of investors that meets monthly to talk about stocks. Over the years, I’ve often nodded my head as he talked about an investment idea, and even followed him into a few investments.
​
Recently, he decided to start a wealth management division to service the clients of his accounting firm.
​
Finally, I have someone I can confidently refer people to—someone I genuinely believe is both smart and ethical.
​
So, if you need a guy, I recommend you speak to Jon Ronkai. I’d trust him with my life.
​
Email him here: jronkai@arbutusgroupcpa.com
​

That’s all for this week…-Andrew​
​

‍
​Did you enjoy this newsletter? Say thanks by checking out one of my businesses:

​Find a designer on Dribbble​
​Make the perfect morning coffee using an AeroPress​
​Review a movie on Letterboxd​
​Get hyper-caffeinated on Mateina​
​Buy a bronze bust of Charlie Munger or Warren Buffett​
​Hire Metalab to design or build your next app or website​
​Or go check out one of our many other business​
​
Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson
​Forwarded this message? Sign up here.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




My new favorite possession: a shotgun.
October 8, 2024
Hey everyone,

If you're new here, welcome to Never Enough, where I brain dump interesting stuff that has been on my mind over the last week.

‍

Every time I tweet about AeroPress, I get dozens of responses like this:
​
​"When are you going to make a non-plastic version?"
​
​Well, we've finally done it.
​
Last week, we released the AeroPress Premium, a gorgeous all metal and glass version and it's phenomenal. I've been testing one for the last month and I absolutely love it.
​
Apparently, the world agrees, because we sold out in less than 3 hours.
​
You can pre-order one in time for the holidays here.
​

How business made me twenty best friends
​
​In 1938, the Harvard Grant Study began following over 700 men. They came from a variety of walks of life. Some would go on to become successful leaders, including John F. Kennedy, who would later become the 35th President of the United States. Others faced hardships, becoming homeless, or struggling with mental health issues.
​
For eighty-six years, researchers have been following this cohort, interviewing them extensively. Doing medical examinations. Tracking things like physical health, mental well-being, and career progression. Even interviewing their wives, children, and grandchildren.
​
​The findings are fascinating:
‍
Good relationships make us healthier and happier.
Loneliness is as deadly as smoking or alcoholism.
Wealth and fame don't buy happiness—relationships do.
Drugs and alcohol derail lives, ruin health, and strain relationships.

To summarize: it's all about relationships. Marriage. Friends. Community.
​
And maybe stop drinking too.
​
​This summer, I read The Good Life, a new book by Robert Waldinger, the study's current director, and it drove this home. As I sat on the dock of my lakeside cabin, listening to my kids play on the beach, I pondered my relationships.
​
I had a wonderful girlfriend. A great relationship with my two boys. A core group of close friends, and a huge extended network of acquaintances. But oddly, some of my deepest friendships had come from...business?
​
​Why? Because I'd stumbled into group therapy, without ever intending to.
​
​Fifteen years ago, I joined the Entrepreneur's Organization. As part of joining it, you are inducted into a "Forum".
​
Every month, you spend 3-4 hours in a conference room with six entrepreneurs. In it, you share your personal, family, and business problems. Highs and lows. What's going well, and what's not. It's the same group every time, and it's 100% confidential.
​
In my group, everyone was initially quite guarded, sticking to business topics and mostly purporting to be doing great. But as trust grew over many months, conversations went deeper. People began sharing not just business challenges, but also the struggles and triumphs in their personal and family lives.
​
Initially, I wasn't sure what I could learn from this group. We all ran such different businesses. Most weren't even in tech. In my first group, the other entrepreneurs ran businesses completely different from my own: a puzzle company, a woodworking shop, a popsicle company, and a mapping company. But, as my friend Brent Beshores says, it turned out, "in business, everything tastes like chicken".
​
​Our problems were strangely universal. Over the years, we helped each other navigate:
‍
Failed partnerships
Bankruptcies
Divorces
Fraud
Health scares
Toxic employees
Mental health struggles
Family deaths
Challenges raising children
‍
Some of these forum mates have become my closest friends—so close that when I needed executors for my will, I chose them without hesitation.
​​
​For the past decade, I've run multiple groups, meeting nearly every week. I no longer do it through EO—I run them myself. I have four forums, dedicating one evening a week to each. It's a rhythm that keeps me sane. Like a small, secular church group—a weekly space for real connection. A guarantee that I'll get a chance to socialize, laugh, and get some stuff off my chest.
​
There's something profound about sitting in a room, tackling shared struggles, and building trust over a decade. Forum has forged deeper friendships than any other part of my life—deeper than high school, college, sports, or meeting parents at my kids' school. In 15 years, it's given me over 20 incredible friendships I never expected.
​
If you're an entrepreneur—or even if you’re not—I can’t recommend starting a forum enough. I’ve written a guide to help you get started. According to The Harvard Grant study, it could improve your life immensely. Get the guide here‍
‍​

My new favorite possession: A Shotgun
​
​I recently solved a very silly problem for myself. When I let my dog out to pee in our backyard, I often leave the back door open and mosquitos and flys buzz into the house.
​
We have high ceilings, so big, fat flies often spend days buzzing around our heads as we try to swat at them. Sometimes, out of frustration, I'll grab a towel or book and hurl it at the ceiling, but it almost never works.
​
Enter, the Bug-A-Salt. I found this thing on YouTube and it's amazing. It's an air-powered shotgun that shoots table salt.
​
Pour in a teaspoon of table salt. Cock it. Aim at the bug. And boom, dead bug.
​
Be careful, by the way. You'll shoot your eye out!
​
You can buy them on Amazon.
‍

Therapy for Nerds
​
​I've spent years in talk therapy on and off. I've tried it all: CBT, ACT, Jungian, Internal Family Systems.
​
It's been really helpful in working through many issues. But I've often found myself craving a system.
​
As a business and process nerd, I wanted something repeatable. When X happens, do Y.
​
This year, I started doing Dialectical Behavior Therapy and it has really resonated for his exact reason. It's like therapy for business nerds: everything is just a flow chart.
​
You feel upset with your partner? Overwhelmed? Irritated? At a loss?
​
DBT gives you a system of next actions to take for each.
​
Here's two principles I like:
​
​Do the Opposite - Break negative behavior by doing the opposite of what you feel. Follow these steps:
‍
Identify the Urge - Notice the negative behavior you want to engage in. For instance, isolating yourself when feeling overwhelmed or lashing out verbally.
Do the Opposite Action - Actively choose to do the opposite of that urge.
Observe the Effect - Notice how doing the opposite affects your mood. Often, taking positive actions can change your emotions over time.

Emotional Regulation - Manage emotions in a healthy way by following these steps:
‍
Assess the Situation - Identify what you're feeling and why. Is there an external trigger or internal thought causing the reaction?
Check Basics - Ask yourself if you've slept enough, eaten well, or are dehydrated. Physical needs can significantly impact emotions.
Breathing and Mindfulness - Take deep breaths or practice mindfulness to calm your initial emotional response.
Distract or Step Back - If you're still feeling overwhelmed, distract yourself with a different activity or take a break from the situation to gain perspective.
Physical Intensity - If emotions remain intense, engage in vigorous exercise or take a cold shower to physically alter your state.
Use Medication if Appropriate - If you're prescribed medication, consider if it's the right time to take it (e.g., anti-anxiety meds).
‍
DBT is not holistic therapy. It's not going to help you work through childhood trauma or contemplate your family history. It's simply a model, for how to snap yourself out of unproductive habits.
​
I've found it really helpful and the "do the opposite" principle has definitely saved me from snapping in a few situations.
​
You can find therapist who practices DBT in your area on the Psychology Today database here.
​

A few years ago, I was going through a really hard time.
​
​I was feeling listless and confused about what to do next.
​
I happened to be in New Zealand for a conference, and remembered that my friend Derek Sivers lived in Wellington, so I looked him up and we grabbed coffee.
​
The next hour, was one of the most impactful of my life.
​
For those who don't know Derek, he is one of the most thoughtful and interesting people I've ever met. An entrepreneurial Yoda who lives life according to his own rule book.
​
I recounted that story in one of the chapters of my book, Never Enough.
​
Recently, Derek and I spent an hour chatting. This time for my podcast. And as always, he was absolutely fascinating.
​
​We talk about:
‍
Why he gave away his $22 million dollar fortune.
Why he's an explorer not a leader.
How he has "burned the ships" over and over again.
His annual ritual for reversing prejudices.
‍
And so much more.
​
Check it out: YouTube, Apple, Spotify.
​​

___

Today's edition is brought to you by Athena.
​Have you hired your Athena assistant yet?Why not? What’s your excuse?Athena isn’t just an executive assistant agency. It’s your ticket to unmatched efficiency.Their EAs are productivity maestros. Through rigorous training, they become intuitive and proactive, tackling tasks before they hit your radar.Imagine an assistant who anticipates your needs, makes smart decisions, and ensures nothing slips through the cracks.That’s my Athena EA—part mind-reader, part productivity superhero.Best of all, Athena offers world-class talent at a fraction of the North American cost.Once you experience their elite service, you’ll wonder how you ever managed without it. Discover Athena at their website here.

​

That’s all for this week…-Andrew​
​
​Did you enjoy this newsletter? Say thanks by checking out one of my businesses:

​Find a designer on Dribbble​
​Make the perfect morning coffee using an AeroPress​
​Review a movie on Letterboxd​
​Get hyper-caffeinated on Mateina​
​Buy a bronze bust of Charlie Munger or Warren Buffett​
​Hire Metalab to design or build your next app or website​
​Or go check out one of our many other business​
​
Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson
​Forwarded this message? Sign up here.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




Are you a rat or a frog?
September 10, 2024
Hey everyone,

If you're new here, welcome to Never Enough, where I brain dump interesting stuff that has been on my mind over the last week.

​

I get distracted easily. If I’m not careful, I’m easily led down rabbit trails and become unfocused across 20 browser tabs. Oddly, despite being easily distracted, I find that I work best from cafes.
​
I’ve always found the silence of a closed-door office overwhelming. Over the last twenty years, I’ve tried everything from fancy private offices, to buzzy open-concept spaces, to co-working, but nothing hits quite like cafes.
​
In order to stay focused in a noisy environment, I rely on some guardrails to stay on track. Cafes can be loud and distracting, so I’ve always used my AirPods Pro to drown out the noise. Recently, I discovered a way to make this experience 10x better.
​
I’ve discovered an app that I absolutely love. It’s called Endel and it creates the perfect soundscape for whatever you’re doing. Ranging from work (deep work, afternoon energy drift, colored noise), to reading, to walking, it dynamically creates the perfect soundtrack to your day (even going so far as to use your heart rate from your Apple Watch to switch it up — super cool).
​
There’re a million apps like this, but Endel is by far the best designed and executed. Go check it out
​

Are you a rat or a frog? Zoe told me about this bizarre meme: all people can be divided into two groups: rats and frogs.
​
As soon as you think about it, you’ll start laughing. Just start naming people you know and your gut will immediately tell you if they’re a rat or a frog.
​
Me: Rat​
Chris: Frog​
Zoe: Frog​
One of my sons: Frog​
The other one: Rat​
​
I can’t explain it, but it cracks me up. Try it, it’s hilarious.
​

Who knew being a trader at JP Morgan was so sexy and exotic? It’s not, but the writers of Industry would have you think it is.
​
Regardless, it’s a blast to watch, and definitely one of my favorite shows from the last few years. The third season just started and I’m loving it. It’s not dissimilar to Billions: lots of silly exaggeration and drama added to one of the world’s dullest jobs, but the cast is incredible and it’s a lot of fun to watch. It’s on HBO Max (US) or Crave (Canada).
​

I’m hosting an event for lonely conglomerateurs (yes, that is a word 🤢, and if you ever want to get punched in the face, introduce yourself as one).
​
​There are tons of support groups for executives and CEOs, but not for folks who run holding companies. It’s a unique role with a rare structure and set of challenges. And frankly, it’s often pretty lonely because there are so few people who can relate to your problems (of which there are many: perverse incentives, compensation negotiations, reporting complexities, etc).
​
In fact, I so rarely meet people who I can talk to about these problems with that I’ve decided to do what I always do. If I can’t find my group, I build my own group.
​
So, in January, I’m hosting the first of what I hope to make a bi-annual event exclusively for people who run at-scale holding companies. It’ll be hyper confidential, YPO forum format, and we’ll have folks from a variety of industries and scales. It will be very intimate, with less than 30 people attending.
​
We’re still working out the details, but if you’re interested in coming email monica@tiny.com with:
A quick bio (if you have one)
A link to your site
How many companies you own
Total revenue (range is fine)
Where you’re based
​

My friend Codie Sanchez came on the pod. I love her message: the best way to get rich is boring and under your nose. It's not AI or drone tech—it's traditional, old school businesses run by baby boomers. I loved this conversation. Check it out here.
​
That’s all for this week…-Andrew​
​
​Did you enjoy this newsletter? Say thanks by checking out one of my businesses:

​Find a designer on Dribbble​
​Make the perfect morning coffee using an AeroPress​
​Review a movie on Letterboxd​
​Get hyper-caffeinated on Mateina​
​Buy a bronze bust of Charlie Munger or Warren Buffett​
​Hire Metalab to design or build your next app or website​
​Or go check out one of our many other business​
​
Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson
​Forwarded this message? Sign up here.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved





An innovative use for rectal thermometers.
August 30, 2024
Hey everyone,

If you're new here, welcome to Never Enough, where I brain dump interesting stuff that has been on my mind over the last week.

​​

“Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.”
​
​I’ve always loved this quote by Arthur C. Clarke.
​
Think back to the first time you saw an iPhone or asked ChatGPT a question.
​
It felt like pure, unadulterated magic, didn’t it? If you had traveled back in time and shown someone these technologies, they would probably burn you at the stake.
​
Yet today, we use both without a second thought.
​
I still have moments with ChatGPT where I gasp in awe—like when it effortlessly analyzes 10 years of a company’s financial statements in seconds, or crafts a flawless paragraph that puts my own to shame. But mostly, it’s just become another tool in the toolkit.
​
I’m having one of these moments right now, with self-driving cars.
​
If you’ve been following along for a while, you might remember when I posted a photo of myself grinning like an idiot outside of a Waymo in San Francisco. I had summoned it with an Uber-like app, and moments later, this futuristic taxi rolled up, unlocking itself for us. Zoe and I sat in the back, in complete shock as it expertly navigated left turns and unpredictable traffic.
​
We couldn’t believe it. We shared videos with everyone we knew—it felt like magic.
​
But this morning, I got into my Tesla, punched in my favorite café on the map, turned on AutoPilot, and leaned back to listen to a podcast.
​
I was completely unfazed. Self-driving has become my new normal. I rarely drive manually anymore. What was once astonishing has quickly become just another part of my day.
​
It reminds me of COVID. During the lockdowns, I remember thinking, “I’ll never take being around people for granted again.” But once the restrictions were lifted, the elation lasted a few weeks before I returned to my baseline, taking human contact for granted once more.
​
Today, I’ve almost forgotten what that isolation felt like.
​
Life goes on. But we shouldn’t forget how insanely amazing the modern world is.
​
A self-driving AI-powered robot car is not something that should be taken for granted.
​
​PS: If you haven’t checked out Tesla’s Full Self-Driving technology yet, you should. It’s absolutely incredible. You don’t even need to hold the wheel anymore. As long as you’re paying attention and looking out the front windshield, it does everything. I frequently go 30-minutes or more without any intervention.
​

When I began writing Never Enough, I made a list of my favorite business books that I wanted to use as a benchmark for my own book.
​
​At the very top were two of my all-time favorites: Shoe Dog by Phil Knight and The Hard Thing About Hard Things by Ben Horowitz.
​
The other day, I received a surprising text from a friend: ‘Congrats on the review!’ I had no idea what he was talking about.
​
Curious, I quickly Googled my name—and my jaw dropped. My book had been reviewed in none other than The Wall Street Journal. THE business newspaper.
​
I’m not ashamed to admit that I let out a shriek of pure joy.
​
I couldn’t believe my eyes when I read the final paragraph of the review by Daniel Freedman:
​​
“Never Enough’ succeeds in a way that only a handful of business autobiographies do. It shares with the best of them, like Phil Knight’s ‘Shoe Dog’ and Ben Horowitz’s ‘The Hard Things About Hard Things,’ the virtue of providing valuable lessons in an entertaining format, all while being honest about the writer’s own shortcomings and failures. Mr. Wilkinson joins his entrepreneurial achievements with an informative exploration of what they ought to be aimed at, in the end.”
​
​Made me grin. You can read the review here.
​

I funded an important study by Dr. Ashley Mason at UCSF that involves sticking thermometers up people’s rectums.
​
​Sorry, that was the only way I could guarantee to keep you reading. But seriously, keep reading, this is really cool.
​
If you’re a Tech Bro™ type or have ever listened to Huberman Lab or Dr. Rhonda Patrick, then you’re well versed in the benefits of saunas and cold plunge, but it turns out that high temperature saunas may treat severe treatment resistant depression.
​
Researchers have long known that depression is often accompanied by a slight but consistent increase in body temperature. The question that intrigued scientists was whether changing that temperature could, in turn, alter the course of the depression.
​
Enter the sauna. Anecdotal evidence has suggested for years that regular sauna use can boost well-being, but only recently have researchers begun to look seriously at its potential to treat depression.
​
In the study, for 8 weeks, participants with major depressive disorder were fitted with a rectal thermometers (unfortunately the most accurate way to measure body temperature when in a sauna) and exposed to extremely long (140 minute) weekly sauna sessions that raised their body temperature to a feverish temperature of 101.3 F.
​
What was incredible was that participants saw their symptoms significantly improve after just a few weeks of regular heat sessions. The effect was so pronounced that nearly all of them no longer met the criteria for major depressive disorder at the end of the trial.
​
This isn’t to say that saunas are a silver bullet for depression—far from it. The studies so far have been small, and much more research is needed to confirm the results and understand the mechanisms at play. But the early findings are promising enough that researchers are calling for more attention and funding to explore this avenue further.
​
To date, we have committed over half a million dollars to this project, with more to come. If you’re interested in donating alongside us, please donate here (and make sure you specify you want the money to go to Dr. Ashley Mason): https://giving.ucsf.edu/fund/other
​
​If you’re curious to learn more, check out:
- Interview on Found My Fitness‍
​- Talk at BrainMind Summit​
​

I used to be a terrible sleeper.
​
​I was an inveterate night owl and would often spend hours trying to fall asleep, anxiously tossing and turning.
​
When I had kids, I had to get real and figure it out. And for the most part, I did. I posted my key sleep tips on X a few years ago (check them out here), but all this talk about Dr. Ashley Mason reminded me about a sleep tip she gave me that has been a game changer.
​
A few years ago, over lunch, she mentioned that she used to run the UCSF sleep clinic—the place they send the worst of the worst, the insomniac’s insomniacs.
​
Curious, I asked her what the number one breakthrough was for her patients.
​
Her answer surprised me:
​
​She said most people simply sleep with a blanket that’s way too hot.​
​
Time and time again, she found that getting people to switch to a few thin woven cotton blankets (like this one—layered so you can adjust based on temperature) had the greatest impact on improving their sleep.
​
Interestingly, your body temperature needs to drop by about 2 to 3 degrees Fahrenheit (or about 1 degree Celsius) for sleep to initiate effectively. A hot blanket can prevent this from happening.
​
I decided to try it for myself and found that I fall asleep much faster. In fact, it works so well that I (embarrassingly) pack one of these blankets to bring with me when I travel.
​

My first business was an agency, and running one is pure, unadulterated chaos—especially in the early days.​
​
Why? Because the entire business is built around people. And as my business partner Chris puts it:
​
​“There’s no such thing as problems. Only people problems.”
​
​Almost daily, I receive emails or DMs from frazzled agency owners asking for advice on managing their businesses. I usually respond with a shrug.
​
The truth is, I haven’t been involved in day-to-day agency operations for years.
​
​Metalab now has a fantastic executive team that has grown the company far beyond what I ever could. Honestly, if I worked there now, I’d probably get fired.
​
I was good at starting an agency but terrible at running one.
​
That’s why I brought in Mark—my college roommate. You might remember the story from Chapter 4 of my book, but TLDR: Mark saved my bacon. He took over from me a few years in and grew Metalab into what it is today, leading it from 2009 to 2015.
​
Mark’s a mensch who truly knows his stuff when it comes to agencies.
​
Last year, he retired from agency life, but boredom got the best of him. Now, he’s decided to share some of his prophetic wisdom with agency owners through his consultancy, Tamaribuchi. If you’re struggling to take your agency to the next level, call Mark—he’ll set you straight.
​

That’s all for this week…

-Andrew

​
Check out my podcast: YouTube / Spotify / Apple Podcast

Want to sell your business or know someone who does? www.tiny.com​

Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson​

Forwarded this message? Sign up here.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved



Never tell, always storytell.
August 16, 2024
Hey everyone,

If you're new here, welcome to Never Enough, where I brain dump interesting stuff that has been on my mind over the last week.

​​

Never tell, always storytell.
​A few weeks ago, I invited 80 exceptional people to Victoria for my second annual Interesting People conference. This year, we focused on storytelling. We had Matt Dicks, who has won The Moth an absurd number of times and has the ability to make even the most innocuous story bring tears to any audience’s eyes.
​
Storytelling is a superpower I've honed over the last decade. Too many people screw up by just dumping facts:
​
​“Here’s what my startup does. This is the market it’s tackling. Here’s the customer persona.”
​
​BORING. I’m asleep already.
​
What you should be doing is telling your story. Sharing your hero’s journey. Talking about your fuck ups and the chip on your shoulder. Helping others see themselves in you, feeling bought in.
​
Matt was incredible, and in just under 48 hours we had multiple people get up onstage and tell incredible stories with a bit of coaching from Matt.
​
It’s not rocket science, and he breaks it all down in his new book on using stories in a business context. It’s called Stories Sell, and you should go check it out.
​

My friend Nick Gray MC’d the Interesting People conference. I think he’s one of the most interesting people I know, because instead of fixating on getting rich (which he has quietly become), he is focused on building a huge network of friends. He does this in an incredibly nerdy way, where he basically builds a funnel: ​
​
Social Media -> Events -> Smaller Dinners -> Close Friendships.
​
I just interviewed him for my podcast and he walks through it all.
​
If you’re feeling like you want more friends, then you need to check out this interview.
​
​Billionaire < Friend Billionaire. Check out the interview here.​
‍​

I often snap back to reality after 30 minutes of scrolling YouTube and wonder what happened. It’s my #1 time suck, and yet I don’t want to block it. It’s too useful.
​
So, the other day I discovered UnTrap for YouTube. It’s really simple: when you go to YouTube.com, it redirects you to your history or watch later page. The idea being that you can’t go down the rabbit hole and instead either have to search for what you specifically want, or just view stuff you’ve previously saved to watch later.
​
I’ve found it’s really helped me cut down on YouTube time. Highly recommended.
​

This year, a few simple negotiations made Tiny shareholders enough extra profit to buy six Porsche 911s.
​
​If you own your business, every dollar of savings is a dollar in your pocket.
​
Accordingly, you're insane not to negotiate all your expenses.
​
Often all it takes is asking: "Is that the best you can do?" or sharing a quote from a competitor.
​
Back in the day, Chris and I used to negotiate everything.
​
Office leases. Furniture. Software. Food for the office.
​
You name it, we haggled and saved millions.
​
But now Tiny is huge.
​
Now we only have time to negotiate the big stuff: incentive packages and M&A deals—high level capital allocation.
​
But the little stuff still matters. Our companies collectively spend tens of millions a year with companies like Google, Zoom, Amazon, Microsoft, and all the usual suspects.
​
We have over 40 companies and it's hard to incentivize employees to negotiate.
​
Because let's be real: negotiating is stressful.
​
So, this year, we started a new company to solve that problem. It's called TechSource and they do "Negotiation As A Service".
​
Sound familiar? It is. We started a similar business called Buyer with our friend Kimia a few years ago and he ended up selling it to Ramp.
​
But as soon as we sold it, we regretted it. We needed this service and our tech spend started creeping up again.
​
Now, we're back with TechSource.
​
They're 100% focused on negotiating one of tech companies' and startups' biggest P&L expense items:
​
Software.
​
Here's an example of what they did for Metalab:
​
They completely outsourced their software procurement process to TechSource and saved $72,000 in the first month and $264,000 annually in addition to saving employees over 40 hours of work that can now be allocated to billable projects.
​
Google: 27% savings
JamF: 40% savings
Drata: 85% savings
Zoom: 38% savings
​
That's pure profit to the bottom line. And they aren't even finished yet.
​
I freaking love this business. It's such a no brainer for any founder that spends a lot of money on infrastructure and software.
​
You literally just send them a breakdown of all your expenses and they get to work.
​
They're currently making their way through all of our companies and they've saved us over $600,000 so far.
​
Chat with Will Putnam if you're interested, you can email him here.
​
​
I had a lot of fun doing these two longform interviews:
‍​Modern Wisdom with Chris Williamson‍
‍Big Deal with Codie Sanchez
‍​

That’s all for this week…

​

-Andrew

​
Check out my podcast: YouTube / Spotify / Apple Podcast

Want to sell your business or know someone who does? www.tiny.com​

Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson​

Forwarded this message? Sign up here.

‍

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




I’m going to be a douche.
July 5, 2024
Hey everyone,

​

Ok, I’m sorry. I’m going to be a douche and ask you to do something.

I’ve mentioned it a few times, but I wrote a book.

It’s called Never Enough and it’s a memoir about building my business over the last twenty years. Going from a barista making $6.50 an hour, to being a billionaire (spoiler: I’m not a billionaire anymore). It was a crazy experience, and it was fun to put it all down in writing.

I thought I was going to write a business book, but as I started writing it evolved into a deeply personal memoir.

It’s coming out July 9th and I want you to read it.

Here’s what a few smart people have said about it:

​

“A massively important topic written by a guy with firsthand experience. Everyone should read this.”
–Morgan Housel, author of The Psychology of Money:

​

“Like going to business school and therapy all in one book.”
​–James Clear, author of Atomic Habits

​

"A gripping reminder about what’s worth wanting and being careful what you wish for.”
​–Shane Parrish, author of Clear Thinking

​

If you’ve even remotely enjoyed my newsletter, it would mean a lot to me if you’d do me a favor and order a copy of my book. You can order one here, and if you forward a copy of your receipt to book@neverenough.com, I’ll send you a PDF list of my favorite books, questions, and products, as a thank you.

​
​

K. Thank you. Please go do it now 🙏

​
​

Also: if you happen to be in Victoria, Canada, I’m doing a book launch event at Bolen Books at 7PM on July 9th. You can grab tickets here (need tickets, but 1 ticket = 1 book at the event):

​
​

Don’t worry. I’ll pause and wait while you go do that, then get on to the rest of the newsletter.

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​

Ok did you do it?

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​

Cool? Did you order the book?

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​

THANK YOU.
Ok, back to our regularly scheduled newsletter where I brain dump interesting stuff that has been on my mind over the last week..

I work from cafes and hotel rooms a lot, and I often find myself hunching over my laptop in an awkward position. Then, my friend Codie told me about the Logitech Casa Pop-up Desk. It’s really cool. It looks like a little laptop case, and inside it has a bluetooth keyboard, a trackpad, and a laptop stand. In short: a desktop-like experience from anywhere you happen to be. I love mine and it’s become part of my day-to-day kit that I carry everywhere.
​

Time perception is a strange thing. When you’re in a routine, time rips by. Break the routine, and time slows down.
​
There are a bunch of different ideas about why this is, but the one that makes the most sense to me is the theory that your brain is constantly mapping out the world and building models. It’s a prediction engine, and the more it can predict the terrain/people/experience, the fewer new memories it needs to form.
​
I read an interesting article about this phenomenon a month or so ago and it recommended changing things up to extend your sense of time. Drive a different route to work. Rearrange your desk. Vary your experience as much as possible.
​
Most days, Zoe and I take the dog out for a walk in our neighborhood. We’d typically do the same route. In an effort to mix things up (and expand our sense of time), I downloaded an awesome app called AllTrails. Basically, it’s a crowdsourced map of all of the best hiking/walking paths and parks in your area. Through it I’ve found dozens of parks I didn’t even know about, and we’ve been trying new ones every day.
​
Oddly, this has added a sense of novelty to my life, I assume because my brain is building new models each time and therefore building more memories. It has made me oddly happy and become a fun new hobby: finding cool hidden natural beauty in my own city. So often, we think we need to travel to have new experiences, but sometimes the novelty is right under our noses.
​

Each summer, I try to disconnect from all the noisy stuff and focus on reading. I recently read two books that I absolutely loved, both for different reasons.
​
1. Useful Not True by Derek Sivers - Derek is one of my favorite writers, and his latest book is focused on a simple idea: our beliefs are often not necessarily true, but simply useful to us. That beliefs are tools, not truths. They should be judged by how useful they are, not by how true they are.
​
I read it in one sitting and absolutely loved it. In fact, I liked it so much I trained ChatGPT on the book and started asking it questions to help me work through a few problems.
​
I highly recommend it, it’s a 1-2 hour read and it slapped me in the face. I also recommend Derek's other books (How To Live is especially good).
​
2. Titan: The Life of John D. Rockefeller by Ron Chernow - I’m reading this one for the second time, and I’m loving it. Here’s what I’ve found particularly interesting about it:
​
• Rockefeller was a walking contradiction: a brutal monopolist, yet deeply honest, religious, and generous in the rest of his life. This makes for a fascinating character study.
​
• The book offers valuable insights about philanthropy and how to do it effectively. Rockefeller single-handedly brought evidence-based medical research to the United States and generally gave to causes that compounded knowledge (universities/education/medical research). He was unique in his approach to giving: he did not seek to control or ask for credit, and largely left the non-profits he funded alone, even when he disagreed with them.
​
• The story serves as a great reminder of Mark Twain's observation that "History doesn't repeat, but it does rhyme." Rockefeller's era faced concerns that echo today's issues: fears about a weak younger generation, the rise of socialism, and the growing power of unions.
​

I found a t-shirt that I love. It’s made by Ecolygist, a brand based here in Victoria, and it’s nice and thick, and fits perfectly. I just bought a whole bunch of them. Check it out here.
​

I recently spoke with Ali Abdaal, a doctor turned entrepreneur, and the world’s most followed productivity YouTuber. Think of it as a mini coaching session on everything I’ve learned from starting businesses, hiring, delegating, making mistakes, and writing my book, Never Enough. Ali is one of the nicest people I have met in the past few weeks. Check out the full interview HERE.
​

That’s all for this week…

​
Next week I will give you a preview of the first chapter of my book.
​

-Andrew

​
Check out my podcast: YouTube / Spotify / Apple Podcast

Want to sell your business or know someone who does? www.tiny.com​

Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson​

Forwarded this message? Sign up here.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved



I couldn't burp.
June 18, 2024
Hey everyone,

If you're new here, welcome to Never Enough, where I brain dump interesting stuff that has been on my mind over the last week.

​

Every day, I’d feel the burning. First, the pressure in my stomach would build. Then the right side of my throat would feel like someone had a blow torch to it.
​
It was acid reflux. And I had it almost every day for a decade. It started when I was about 25. Subtle, at first. I could take a Tums, and it would go away. No big deal. But before long, it became unbearable. The only thing that would prevent it was a ridiculously strict diet, and even then, I’d often have flare-ups.
​
What was odd about it was that the typical drugs did nothing. Tums made it better for 15 minutes, then it was back with a vengeance. And oddly, proton pump inhibitors, drugs that reduce stomach acid, made it twice as bad.
​
I was at a loss. Then, one day, I randomly stumbled on a Reddit community called “NoBurp.”
​
All my life, I’d never been able to burp, and whenever I’d mentioned it to a doctor I’d been brushed off: “You’re burping, I promise you, you just don’t realize it.”
​
But I wasn’t. I’d only burped a few times in my life, often at random moments when I was laughing really hard. (Which was as embarrassing as you can imagine.)
​
It turned out that the people on Reddit all had an incredibly rare disorder called Retrograde Cricopharyngeal Dysfunction. Its primary symptom: the inability to burp, caused by an especially tight cricopharyngeal muscle. One of the most common symptoms: acid reflux and pressure in the throat after drinking carbonated beverages or a large meal.
​
I was intrigued.
​
It seemed whacky, but I thought maybe this could be it. And there was just one doctor in the world working on it. A guy named Dr. Robert Bastian, in Chicago. After a Reddit user suffering from this disorder contacted him, he decided to try an experimental procedure: injecting Botox into the patient’s throat using an endoscope. Within a few days, this patient, miraculously, could burp, and Dr. Bastian began performing this procedure on hundreds of others, with most gaining the ability to burp. Here’s a great little YouTube video about a guy going through it.
​
So in 2020 I flew to Chicago. Dr. Bastian and his team put me under, gave me the procedure, and within a day I was letting out little burps, then medium burps, then massive, room-shaking Homer Simpson burps. What was especially crazy was that I had absolutely no control over them, so they would erupt in the middle of a meeting or dinner out at a restaurant, which led to many awkward explanations.
​
Magically, my reflux almost completely disappeared, and three years later I’m still burping up a storm.
​
To help more folks navigate this bizarre and rare disorder, I created a simple website walking through it: www.noburp.org.
​
Can you burp? If not, you might want to take a trip to Chicago too.

​

My friend Brent Beshore did a really wonderful interview on The Knowledge Project and I found myself nodding along. In it, he talks about some of the maladaptive behaviors that made him a superhero at work but challenged his personal life and distanced him from others. He was seeking control in all situations. Always paying for the bill. Always being the loudest in the room. Always ensuring he controlled all the variables and had everything planned out.
​
A quote that struck me: “Are you optimizing your life for the people who know you best, or the people who know you least?”​
​
It reminded me a lot of some of the work I’ve done on myself over the last few years, and I really loved the interview. Huge respect to Brent for being so open and helping others in the process.
​
​Listen here​
​

For years, I’ve been searching for the perfect overnight travel bag. My pal Rob at Outway teamed up with Haven bags and cracked it. It looks like a simple backpack, but it’s secretly HUGE and insanely well-organized. Highly recommend it. I've been traveling all week and loving it.
​
​Check it out here​
​

I’ve been loving Sam Parr’s new podcast, MoneyWise. In it, he goes deep (often anonymously) with wealthy people about their lives. How much they spend, what’s worth it, what isn’t. How money has impacted their lives and changed their relationships.
​
It’s really unique and something you so rarely hear people talk about. I particularly liked this episode with “Jeff,” a guy who sold his software company for $120M, bought four houses and a jet, and then realized he was just as miserable as ever.
​
Great quote from this episode: “I’m really good at preparing to be happy, but not being happy”.
​
​Listen here​
​

I’m a big fan of Ugmonk. They make insanely beautiful desktop organizer systems for anal retentive nerds.
​
I recently bought the Gather Productivity Kit and it has majorly upped my home office game (see below).

​

My book, Never Enough, is coming out July 9. If you happen to be in Victoria, BC, I’m doing a launch event, reading, and Q&A at Bolen Books that evening from 7-8:30pm. Get your tickets here (one ticket = cost of a book, which you’ll receive at the event). Hope to see you there :-)
​

That’s all for this week…but one more thing. If you’re enjoying this, can you do me a favor and forward it to a friend? Thanks.

‍

-Andrew​

‍

Check out my podcast: YouTube / Spotify / Apple Podcast

‍Want to sell your business or know someone who does? www.tiny.com​

Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson​

Forwarded this message? Sign up here.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved





Delete 95% of your email.
June 5, 2024
Hey everyone,

If you're new here, welcome to Never Enough, where I brain dump interesting stuff that has been on my mind over the last week.

​

Today's edition is brought to you by Athena.

The last thing I want to do is spend time calling the optometrist to get my latest prescription.

Last year, I hired Tina, my Athena assistant, and tasks like this disappeared from view.

They just got done, magically, behind the scenes.

When Tina stepped in, she took over my inbox and calendar, as well as my life. She was like a military general, ensuring nothing fell through the cracks and everything stayed on track.

But her true value shone in unexpected ways. She handled all the things that would otherwise sidetrack me.

Coordinating car repairs. Keeping track of meeting notes. Coordinating legal documents.

The annoying little tasks that would otherwise eat away at my time.

I stopped having to think about any of it, so I could focus on what really mattered.

What’s magical about an Athena assistant, is they come pre-trained.

They know exactly what to do and come with opinions on how to improve your workflow. And somehow, they cost a fraction of a North American assistant.

What are you waiting for? Talk to Athena

‍

‍

Now onto this week’s issue…

‍

You should ignore most problems.
​
​This morning, I left my phone in the car and took my dog for a walk in a wooded forest near my house.
​
Within a few minutes, I felt calmer and more present.
​
Interestingly, at that moment, all of my life’s problems still existed. Hundreds of unread emails and texts piling up. Podcasts I’ve been meaning to listen to. Never-ending to-do lists.
​
I just wasn’t aware of any of it. It wasn’t in my face, blaring out of my trusty 6.7-inch portal into stress.
​
About six months ago, I used an app called Freedom to block all news and social media on my phone.
​
Now, when I try to click on news or open Instagram, Reddit, or X, my screen goes gray. I just can’t use any of it. Period.
​
I went from having an opinion on every stock market gyration and geopolitical event to not really being aware of any of it.
​
Sure, I was loosely up to speed. I’d hear mutterings about what was happening from friends. I’d read the occasional copy of The Wall Street Journal. I knew enough to not embarrass myself at dinner parties, but, mostly, I’d focus on other problems. Things that I could actually control.
​
I knew Trump got indicted, and why, but didn’t know the details. I figured I would find out what happened in the trial after it concluded, instead of doing what I used to do: obsessively follow every second of it minute-by-minute in The New York Times.
​
It felt like I knew enough to not have my head in the sand, but not so much that I was dwelling on it.
​
In retrospect, I think this is the right amount of attention for most of life’s problems. And it’s interesting how often stress simply comes from awareness.
​
Think about that in the context of the stock market vs. home ownership.
​
Most people say they “can’t stomach” owning stocks because they go up and down. It’s scary. They’re a roller-coaster.
​
What they don’t realize is that—if they own a home—the same thing is happening to the value of their house. It’s just invisible to them.
​
They’re not aware of it. There’s no ticker for a house price, even though home prices whip-saw around month to month, year to year.
​
This lack of awareness doesn’t change the reality, but it does change the experience. You don’t stress over the daily fluctuations because you don’t see them. Your house might lose $50,000 in value one month and gain it back the next, but unless you’re trying to sell, it’s irrelevant to your daily life.
​
Lately, I’ve been trying to remind myself to have as little awareness as possible of problems I don’t control and can’t impact, and as much calm space as I can from problems I do control. Yes, every once in a while I need to jump on an immediate grenade, but let’s be real—if I deleted 95% of my emails today, nothing bad would happen.
​

Jason Fried is my freaking hero. He’s built a massive company where he does exactly what he wants and runs it in a totally unconventional way. I’ve been a fan of his for decades and his company 37signals was a huge inspiration for how we built many of our own companies. I interviewed him on the podcast and the episode just went live.
​
Watch on YouTube or tune in on Apple Podcasts or Spotify.
​

I’ve spent the last decade reading the world’s greatest investors' annual letters. For those who don’t know, most public company and hedge fund CEOs write an annual (and sometimes quarterly) letter to their shareholders.
​
Most are boring as hell, verging on political fluff, but some are incredibly well written and informative. Warren Buffet being the most famous example. His letters are considered holy scriptures to value investors like myself, and it’s fascinating to start at the beginning of an investors career and see the progression (and compounding) over many decades. There’s a power to zooming out and seeing an investor’s long term trajectory. How their thinking changes over time. What stays the same. Which favorite investment in one letter turns out to be a blunder in another. The language they use to compliment (or covertly diss) management teams and competitors.
​
A few of my favorites that are worth checking out:
​
- David Einhorn from Greenlight Capital
- Bill Ackman from Pershing Square
- Joe Steinberg and Ian Cumming from Leucadia
- Mark Leonard from Constellation Software
- Prem Watsa from Fairfax
- Jeff Bezos from Amazon
- Joey Levin from IAC
​

Because I’m such an annual letter nerd, I was particularly excited to hit publish on Tiny’s second annual letter to shareholders last week.
​
​In it, Chris and I discuss:
​​
- Our first year as a public company
- 2023 performance across the group
- The six acquisitions we made this year
- An update on our $150M USD private fund
- Our thoughts on incentives and stock options
​
And much more. Hopefully we did the greats justice.
​
You can read the letter here.
​

Do you want to grill me and Sam Parr like grilled cheese? Then I have the event for you.
​
​My book, Never Enough, is launching in less than five weeks, and I've got special bonuses for those who pre-order.
​
My friend Sam Parr (co-host of My First Million) is joining me for an exclusive Ask Me Anything on Friday, June 7 at 1:00 PM PST for anyone that pre-orders the book.
​
To get access:
​
1) Pre-order now → neverenough.com
​2) Forward your pre-order receipt to book@neverenough.com
3) I'll send you the sign-up details for the AMA.
​
Already submitted your receipt? Check your inbox for a separate email with the invitation!
​
Hope to see you there.
​

That’s all for this week…but one more thing. If you’re enjoying this, can you do me a favor and forward it to a friend? Thanks.

‍

-Andrew​

‍

Check out my podcast: YouTube / Spotify / Apple Podcast

‍Want to sell your business or know someone who does? www.tiny.com​

Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson​

Forwarded this message? Sign up here.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




I started wearing makeup.
May 27, 2024
If you're new here, welcome to Never Enough, where I brain dump interesting stuff that has been on my mind over the last week.

​

Today's edition is brought to you by Athena.

Have you hired your Athena assistant yet?

Why not? What’s your excuse?

I’ve been raving about them for weeks.

Athena isn’t just an executive assistant agency. It’s your ticket to unmatched efficiency.

Their EAs are productivity maestros. Through rigorous training, they become intuitive and proactive, tackling tasks before they hit your radar.

Imagine an assistant who anticipates your needs, makes smart decisions, and ensures nothing slips through the cracks.

That’s my Athena EA—part mind-reader, part productivity superhero.

Best of all, Athena offers world-class talent at a fraction of the North American cost.

Once you experience their elite service, you’ll wonder how you ever managed without it. Discover Athena at their website HERE.

‍

Now onto this week’s issue…

‍

I started wearing makeup.
​
Kind of.
​
I’m almost forty, and the thing I always thought I wanted to happen, has happened.
​
​I’m starting to look old.​
​
As someone who didn’t have armpit or facial hair until the age of nineteen, I’ve always wanted to look older.
​
But over the past few years, I’ve started going gray. Losing my hair. Seeing crow’s feet appear near my eyes, and I gotta say, I’m not a fan. It’s not the end of the world, but I’d prefer not to go bald and have my face slowly turn into a catcher’s mitt.
​
This year, I vowed to start paying attention, and decided to do what I could to age gracefully.
​
One of the easiest things you can do to reduce skin aging is to wear facial sunscreen. So, I bought some and started applying it every morning.
​
Oddly, on the days I wore it, I kept getting compliments. My girlfriend would tell me I looked extra handsome. My friends would ask if I was doing anything different. I’d look in the mirror and think I looked better than usual.
​
It turns out that I had accidentally bought tinted sunscreen. Sunscreen that had a bit of color in it and evens out skin tone. Kind of like a foundation.
​
I started wearing makeup without even realizing it.
​
And I loved it.
​
It’s such a great aesthetic hack and I feel like it’s one of those things that I never really registered that most women were doing.
​
It’s time to level the playing field, gentlemen.
​
This is the one I use: La Roche-Posay Anthelios Ultra Fluid Tinted Sunscreen.
​

What does it feel like when a wire transfer for tens of millions of dollars hits your bank account? Kind of weird, according to Marshall Haas, who came on my podcast in a semi-shellshocked state the day after he’d just sold Somewhere (formerly Shepherd) for $53 million dollars. It’s a fun interview. YouTube / Spotify / Apple Podcasts​
​

I’m a bubbling pot of stress today and, as I think about it, I’ve realized that it’s entirely because of my calendar. Nothing overwhelms me quite like a packed calendar. It’s my white whale. The thing that I have never been able to tame or conquer.
​
I’ve tried a bunch of different strategies:
‍
2-3 hour booking window: Results: booked 4+ months out, important company issues or CEO calls get jammed in at the last minute, leading to 4-6 hours a day of meetings and no deep work.
​
No calendar at all, just calling people: Results: massive call list I can never get on top of, and many people get offended when I won’t book with them.
​
Using Calendly: Results: a lot of unwanted meetings booked into eternity.
​
I’m at the point where I’m ready to declare calendar bankruptcy and I want to tap you, my audience’s, collective intelligence.
​
The core issue is that I am an inch deep and a mile wide. I oversee over 40 companies, I have hobby businesses, I’ve got 150+ minority investments, I’m trying to do a podcast and this newsletter, I have a broad ranging, highly extroverted social life, and I’m a father of two who often has to travel for work. TLDR: My ambition exceeds my time.
​
I’m curious to hear from other people who nod along with this and have significant work and personal responsibilities. How do you handle this? How have you prioritized? How do you delegate some of this? Please respond to this thread on Twitter if you have any ideas (systems, delegation workflows, heuristics, etc), I’m all ears!
​

Negotiating is miserable. The last thing any of us wants to do is spend their afternoon calling their cable provider to negotiate ten bucks off a month, even if we know we’re probably being ripped off.
​
That’s why I LOVE this startup I just found called CostCutter. You upload your bills, and they negotiate them automatically (I believe an AI voice agent calls and negotiates on your behalf).
​
The future is terrifying, but this is one innovation I’m excited about: RoboNegotiators.
​

Easy choices will ruin your life. I’ve observed this time and time again.
​
Leaving the wrong person in the job because they’re your friend.
​
Staying in a toxic relationship out of fear of being alone.
​
Hiring someone mediocre because you need someone ASAP.
​
We’ve all been there.
​
I’m fond of this saying, which sums it up well:
​
​“Easy choices, hard life. Hard choices, easy life” – Jerzy Gregoric
​
​Today, I saw this illustration, which nails it.
‍

​

Giving your business baby to a foster parent is scary. So, last week I went on My First Million and spent an hour sharing everything I know about hiring, transitioning, and managing CEOs. Enjoy. Here’s the episode on YouTube​
​

Two Asks:
‍
I’m coming to Austin and New York June 10-15 to record some podcasts to promote my book. If you know any podcasters with a huge audience (top 500 podcasts) based in either city, please intro me!
​
I’m trying to get the finance teams across all of our companies to start utilizing AI tools. If you know somebody who trains/implements teams on AI tools, specifically in finance/accounting, please send me an email :-)​
​

That’s all for this week…but one more thing. If you’re enjoying this, can you do me a favor and forward it to a friend? Thanks.
‍

-Andrew

​
Check out my podcast: YouTube / Spotify / Apple Podcast

Want to sell your business or know someone who does? www.tiny.com​

Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson​

Forwarded this message? Sign up here.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




What was that like for you?
May 18, 2024
Hey everyone,

If you're new here, welcome to Never Enough, where I brain dump interesting stuff that has been on my mind over the last week.

​

Today's edition is brought to you by Athena*.

Time is money.

So why are you wasting it paying parking tickets? Rescheduling coffee meetings? Booking travel? Hell, even managing your inbox?

If you're a successful executive, you're nodding along. You know what I'm talking about.

We all have a guilty secret:

We'd be lost without our executive assistants.

The superhero behind the scenes who keeps the trains running on time.

My assistants (I have 3!) work around the clock doing everything from managing my inbox and calendar to handling projects.

They allow me to be "Teflon for Tasks," focusing exclusively on the high-value things that I enjoy.

How did I find my incredible assistants?

Easy: I used Athena.

They hire the Philippines' most talented people, put them through extensive training, and provide you with a mind-bogglingly talented 10/10 assistant that tells YOU how to improve.

I've been blown away. They're 1/5th the cost of a North American assistant, speak perfect English, and work the hours that you do.

Check them out today and tell them I sent you. (HERE)​

‍

Now onto this week’s issue…

‍

Making things again feels unbelievably good. For the last three years, I’ve been working on a book and it’s been one of the most satisfying projects I’ve ever worked on. There’s something wonderful about crafting something physical—a creative act, a thing that will exist in the world for years, maybe decades, to come.
​
I used to create things every day. When I started my company almost twenty years ago, I was a designer. I’d put on headphones, drop into a flow state, and make something.
​
Mockups. Logos. Websites. Code. You name it.
​
But over the years, that happened less and less.
​
This is the paradox of scaling a business.
​
In the end, you no longer do the thing that started it all. The thing that brought you joy in the first place.
​
It feels a bit like going from a soccer player on the field, to the captain of the team, to the owner of the team up in the owner’s box.
​
You miss kicking the damn ball. The roaring crowd. Beers with the team afterwards.
​
Writing a book felt like kicking the ball again.
​
While I love business and all the problem solving that goes along with it, I’ve come to realize that I need individual side projects that I can pour myself into.
​
That’s what this newsletter is: something creative and fun, where I don’t have to manage a team of people or field HR crises or negotiate raises.
​
I just turn on some good music and write for a couple hours.
​
And man does it ever feel good.
​
What’s yours?
​
PS: You can pre-order my book here. It comes out July 9. I hope you like it.
​

Admit it, you judge people on silly things.​
​
How they do their hair.
How they dress.
Even whether their text messages come in green (Android 🧐).
​
And yet, nobody seems to take Zoom hygiene seriously.
Most people shoot a fingerprint-smudged webcam up their nose and bark into their laptop mic, which sounds like they’re broadcasting from an old Soviet spy transmitter.
​
Now there’s a way to look presentable on Zooms. Last year, I got this incredible little camera called the Opal C1 which seriously upped my game. It looks almost as good as a DSLR camera and has a wonderful bokeh (that beautiful blur around the object in focus) as well as a great built-in microphone.
​
Given how many critical meetings we all do on Zoom these days, this seems like a no brainer.
​

I’d rather have a staple gun shot into my forehead than make small talk. I think most of you probably agree—nobody likes it.
​
It sucks for them, and it sucks for you.
​
I recently discovered a hack, which I learned from David Brooks' new book How to Know a Person.
​
It’s super simple:
​
When somebody brings up something that sounds even moderately challenging—a breakup, a difficult parent, an argument with a friend, something their boss did—even offhand—you just say these six simple words.
​
​“What was that like for you?”​
​
Or alternatively: “How did you feel when that happened?”
​
I’ve been astounded by how much this can deepen a conversation and cut away the small talk.
​
Doesn’t work on everyone, but when it does, it’s special.
​

Imagine writing a book at age 92. I’ve been enjoying Fallen Leaves, a book that historian Will Durant wrote in his 90s, a summation of his thoughts on the meaning of life at the end of his.
​
I loved this quote about how humans persist over generations to ultimately achieve our goals:
​
“Three thousand years ago a man thought that man might fly, and so he built himself wings, and Icarus—his son—trusting them and trying to fly, fell into the sea. Undaunted, life carried on the dream. Thirty generations passed, and Leonardo da Vinci, spirit made flesh, scratched across his drawings (drawings so beautiful that one catches one’s breath with pain on seeing them) plans and calculations for a flying machine, and left in his notes a little phrase that, once heard, rings like a bell in the memory—“There shall be wings.” Leonardo failed and died, but life carried on the dream. Generations passed, and men said man would never fly, for it was not the will of God. And then man flew, and the agelong challenge of the bird was answered. Life is that which can hold a purpose for three thousand years and never yield. The individual fails, but life succeeds. The individual is foolish, but life holds in its blood and seed the wisdom of generations. The individual dies, but life, tireless and undiscourageable, goes on, wondering, longing, planning, trying, mounting, longing.”
​

A few weeks ago, my friend Caleb Beyers died suddenly of a heart attack, leaving behind his wife and two young sons, age 2 and 4. He was an intensely creative and broad ranging guy and he made a huge impact on our hometown of Victoria. He was only 42.
​
If you’re enjoying this newsletter at all, it would mean a lot to me if you’d consider making a donation to his family here.
‍

​That’s all for this week…

‍
- Andrew​

‍
Check out my podcast: YouTube / Spotify / Apple Podcast

‍Want to sell your business or know someone who does? www.tiny.com​

Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson​

Forwarded this message? Sign up here.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




I used to dress terribly.
May 5, 2024
Hey everyone,

If you're new here, welcome to Never Enough, where I brain dump interesting stuff that has been on my mind over the last week.

​

Today's edition is brought to you by InsideTracker*.

If you’re an entrepreneur, you’re nothing without your team.

But your team can’t be effective if they aren’t healthy.

InsideTracker has the solution. For 14 years, they've guided individuals to optimal health. Now, they're bringing that expertise to corporate wellness.

Boost productivity. Cut healthcare costs. Engage your employees with personalized health plans and challenges. Just ask FitnessSF, the Bay Area's finest gym, who recently partnered with InsideTracker to great success.

Don't let poor health sink your ship. Invest in your team's well-being with InsideTracker. Visit InsideTracker.com/partnerships to learn more.

Your team's health is your company's wealth. Protect it with InsideTracker.

​

Now onto this week’s issue…

​​​​​

I used to dress terribly. When I had kids, I basically gave up on looking good and took “athleisure” a little too seriously. I wore a uniform of a Patagonia jacket, black t-shirt, and black jeans. I didn’t look terrible, but I didn’t look particularly good either. I never put any effort into my appearance and as a result I noticed my self-esteem started to slip.
​
A couple years ago, I did something that sounds ridiculously expensive, but isn’t. I hired a personal stylist. Basically, I sent her a bunch of photos of me, then each quarter she’d send me a whole bunch of outfits and tell me how and when to wear them. For a couple hundred bucks, it really leveled up my style.
​
Over time, I graduated to the point where I felt confident choosing my own outfits and started buying my own clothes again. But I noticed something.
​
I’d get into clothing ruts. I’d end up wearing the same sorts of outfits, or sometimes I’d get stuck. What kind of shirt goes with khakis again?
​
The other day, I tried something. I uploaded a photo of the outfit I was wearing to ChatGPT and asked: “Help me make this outfit better.”
​
It filled the screen with ideas.
​
“Try wearing it with a pair of brown desert boots, a stainless steel watch, and a pair of black sunglasses, with your hair a bit more casual.”
​
Suddenly, my outfit was upgraded. My girlfriend even noticed.
​
For the last week, I’ve been doing this every day. I’ll throw on a pair of pants or something and start asking for suggestions to go with specific outfits, or feedback on color combos—something I’ve always struggled with.
​
Who knew we all had a personal stylist in our pockets? So cool!
‍

My Vision Pro has been collecting dust on my kitchen island for the last few months. I’ll admit, I wasn’t a fan when I first got one. To be honest, I’m still not. Until recently, the only use case I could see using it for was watching movies on planes
​
That is, until I tried Spacial FaceTime. Basically, you put on the Vision Pro, call a few friends on FaceTime, then tap a button to put it into “Spatial” mode.
​
I was sitting in my living room and suddenly, on the couch across from me, my friend Faisal’s ghostly head and ethereal body appeared. Sure, he looked like a very highly rendered video game character, but it was unmistakably him. Then Chris joined. Again, a perfect digital representation.
​
What astounded me the most was the eyes. It’s just insane. They move around perfectly, and you can make full natural eye contact with the people around you as you talk. It felt so much more personal than a Zoom call. We actually ended up hanging out and talking in my living room for almost an hour, and when I took off the headset I was shocked to realize that…I was sitting alone in my empty living room. My brain freaked out. It felt like they were there. Sure, they were weird ethereal ghosts, but it really felt like we were all sitting in the room together.
​
I can see so many amazing use cases for this. Hanging out with my kids or girlfriend virtually when I’m on the road. Playing board games with friends. Eventually, I’m sure there will be incredible ping-pong and tennis games. Imagine a virtual bar or social hangout where you can just walk up to people and start conversations. I think this could actually be a bit of a breakthrough—it just feels so much less lonely than texting and so much more intimate than a Zoom, where you’re just a box on a screen and you can’t make eye contact.
​
It’s not quite there yet. This future is coming in a few years, but it was a really amazing taste of what’s to come. I highly recommend you go check it out (you need the latest version 1.1 OS and to redo your Persona).
‍

For years, I’ve been searching for the perfect pair of mens jeans. I’m happy to announce I’ve found my perfect match.
​
Most jeans are either groin-crushing, too stiff, too hot, or shrink unpredictably. After trying way, way too many (Japanese denim you have to hand wash, designer brands, Levis, custom made), I’ve settled on Duer jeans. They look like normal jeans, but they feel like sweatpants. Insanely comfortable, stretchy, and cozy, without looking like a schmoe. Thanks to my friend Ben Moore for the recommendation.
‍

If you’re an investor in a lot of businesses, funds, and asset classes, keeping track of it all is a pain in the butt. In the past, my team has used Excel and it’s been a nightmare. They’d spend hours each month manually updating values and it was a pain to keep up.
​
We recently switched to Kubera. Yes, there’s a bunch of ridiculously expensive solutions out there like Addepar. But want to know a secret? Addepar costs $100,000 a year. Kubera basically does the same thing and costs about $12/mo. It’s kind of insane.
​
TLDR: It’s a dashboard that shows you the current value (day-to-day) of all of your assets, presenting you with a breakdown of your current net worth, your investable cash position, and your assets broken down by class. It’s really great and has saved us a ton of time and money.
‍

Ketosis is when your body switches from running on glucose (blood sugar) to ketones (fat). But to get there, takes days. You basically have to either starve yourself (prolonged fasting) or eat a ridiculously high fat (keto) diet, but people say it feels incredible. Many report feeling cognitively sharper and more focused, with lower anxiety and more consistent energy.
​
I’ve tried Keto diets and fasting in the past, and I’ve loved the feeling, but I find it difficult to do regularly. So, for the past few years I’ve been experimenting with taking what are called exogenous ketones. Essentially, they are “ketone bodies”—the things your body produces when it’s burning fat in ketosis—except you’re taking them orally. They immediately put you into a state of ketosis for 2-4 hours.
​
I’ve been really enjoying Delta-G Tactical Ketones. I take them maybe once a week, but they are a great way to quickly get into the zone. (Note: they are 170 calories, so consume wisely and you want to avoid eating before/after taking them for a few hours.)
‍

That’s all for this week…but one more thing. If you’re enjoying this, can you do me a favor and forward it to a friend? Thanks.

​

-Andrew
​

​
Check out my podcast: YouTube / Spotify / Apple Podcast

Want to sell your business or know someone who does? www.tiny.com​

Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson​

Forwarded this message? Sign up here.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




I don’t respond to long emails.
April 27, 2024
Hey everyone,

If you're new here, welcome to Never Enough, where I brain dump interesting stuff that has been on my mind over the last week.

​

Today's edition is brought to you by InsideTracker*.

I've been using InsideTracker since 2016.

It's simple. They turn your body's data into actionable insights.

Blood, DNA, Apple Watch, Oura Ring—it takes it all and creates a personalized health roadmap.

No fluff, just clear recommendations. Nutrition, supplements, workouts, sleep, stress—all optimized for you.

It's like a health control panel for your body. InsideTracker shows you what needs attention and how to improve it.

Check it out and snag a 25% discount by clicking here.

‍

​

Now onto this week’s issue…

‍

I hate getting long, rambling emails. In my opinion, most messages could be a few bullet points, but many people (especially those who have too much time on their hands and lawyers and other professionals) write endlessly detailed emails that take forever to parse.
​
I’ve just solved this problem for myself, and it's insanely cool.
​
ChatGPT has a new feature called GPTs. Essentially, you can create custom ChatGPT instances that are pre-prompted to be particularly good at a specific skill, communicate in a certain way, or even trained on a body of material. For example, someone made a HubermanLab GPT that is trained on all of the podcast transcripts—something ChatGPT wouldn’t otherwise be able to answer accurately.
​
I’ve played with this feature a little bit, but until recently hadn’t found it super useful…until I created my GPT Email Bot™.
​
It’s super simple: I created a GPT that is trained on a bunch of sample emails that show my writing style. It’s instructed to:
​
1. Read the pasted email.
​
2. Ask me questions in a numbered list to address the key points the person is asking for feedback or answers on.
​
3. Use my answers to draft a response to the original pasted text as an email in my tone.
​
This thing is a miracle. I had a whole bunch of long, complicated emails from various lawyers and accountants sitting in my inbox that I’d been avoiding for weeks. Now I just paste them in and it asks me clear questions about what they need feedback/next steps on. I respond to the bullets (much faster than writing a thoughtful email) and it spits out a perfectly formatted, thoughtful email.
​
Before using this tool, I would:
​
1. Not respond for weeks, often slowing down critical projects.
​
2. When I did respond, I’d sound like a dick because I’d be super to the point. Now it looks like I’ve written a beautiful, thoughtful, friendly email (but I haven’t).
​
Insanely useful.
​

The day you’ve all been waiting for is finally here. We just launched colored AeroPress Clears and they are beautiful. To be honest, I wasn’t sure about this idea when I heard about it, but then I saw them. They turned out beautifully and add a nice dash of color to my kitchen. I particularly like the green. Check them out here.
​

I liked this quote from a recent interview with Mark Zuckerberg:
​
​“Most of the time, when we make a decision that ends up seeming good, it’s because we messed something up before and we just didn't want to repeat the same mistake." ​
​
Even Zuck is just failing upwards ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
​

For some reason this popped into my head today:
​
​One of the worst kinds of businesses is one that sells something to a price sensitive consumer.
​
My nightmare business is a software company that creates software for school teachers to help them manage their class schedule.
​
Why? Because the ultimate customer is a teacher. Teachers don’t make much money, and are often price conscious. They also have to pay for it out of pocket.
​
A big ticket software purchase for a teacher might be $9.99 per month.
​
Software of the same complexity, in a different niche, for somebody who uses it to make a lot of money, could cost 100x the price. And usually they just throw it on a corporate credit card. They rarely pay for it themselves. Total price insensitivity.
​
Example:
​
Imagine if you instead made a simple software tool that helped hedge fund employees analyze a certain type of trade.
​
Or a niche tool that helped companies file some annoying government form that would deliver a $25,000 tax benefit.
​
​Nobody wakes up and thinks “I want to start that.” It’s freaking boring. And that’s why it’s a good business. You have a customer who will pay a large amount of money for you to solve their problem because it enables them to make far more, plus you have no competition.
​
Business on easy mode vs. hard mode.
​

Our old CFO, Ampere Chan, started a new advisory firm called Acorn. Ampere is insanely high integrity, a clear communicator, and a wonderful guy. If you need help sourcing, diligencing, or executing M&A deals, you should get in touch.
​
That’s all for this week…but one more thing. If you’re enjoying this, can you do me a favor and forward it to a friend? Thanks.

‍

​-Andrew
​​
‍

Check out my podcast: YouTube / Spotify / Apple Podcast

‍Want to sell your business or know someone who does? www.tiny.com​

Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson​

Forwarded this message? Sign up here.

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




Getting fucked over can pay off…
April 21, 2024
Hey everyone,

If you're new here, welcome to Never Enough, where I brain dump interesting stuff that has been on my mind over the last week.

​

Today's edition is brought to you by InsideTracker.

Your blood is trying to tell you things, you just need to listen. I've been using InsideTracker since 2016 and it has changed my health in a huge way. It’s like having a health GPS that uses your blood, DNA, and data from gadgets like the Apple Watch and Oura Ring to help you improve your health.

Why do I love it? Because it cuts through the noise. InsideTracker doesn’t just throw a bunch of confusing numbers at you. It takes your body’s data and turns it into straightforward, actionable advice. Want to tweak your diet, fine-tune your supplement stack, or optimize your workouts? It's got you covered. And it’s not just about what you put in your body—it also gives you the lowdown on sleep and stress management.

Basically, InsideTracker is your body’s dashboard. Whether it’s your heart health, brain function, metabolism, sleep quality, stress levels, or overall longevity, it shows you exactly what needs attention. No need to sift through all the scientific mumbo jumbo—InsideTracker’s team has done the heavy lifting.

Done with the guessing games about your health? Check it out and snag a 25% discount by clicking here. Trust me, it’s worth it.

‍

​

Now onto this week’s issue…

‍

When my business was barely scraping by, I spent almost $20,000 to attend the TED conference.
​
​This sounds insanely irresponsible, but it was one of my best investments of all time.
​
I was a minnow. A nobody. I didn’t deserve to be there. But there I was.
​
I didn’t realize it at the time, but just being in that room would unlock my career.
​
After years of attending, when people needed an app or website designed, they went “Oh! What about Andrew, that guy from TED!”
​
I eventually landed a huge amount of work. Metalab even ended up building TED Connect, TED’s own app for conference attendees. Not by selling or schmoozing. Just by making friends—many of whom I’m still close with today.
​
I just got back from a week at my 15th TED event (since 2009) and I was reflecting on this.
​
I’ve found that surrounding yourself with successful people is one of the best ways to become successful yourself.
​
There’s a saying: “you are the sum of your 5 best friends.” Well, you’re also the sum of your network. If you connect with a lot of great people, odds are you will become great too.
​
​
A meeting that doesn’t result in action is a worthless meeting. A well run meeting should have an agenda, key takeaways, and action items. They hold people accountable and ensure that your company has a rhythm. They help you hold the bar.
​
The problem is, I hate writing agendas and notes. I rarely remember to take notes and I’m often context switching as I jump from meeting to meeting.
​
I often find myself thinking “wait, I swear X person said they would do that” but I have nothing to back it up except for a faint recollection.
​
That’s why I’m so excited about Limitless (walkthrough video here). It’s a little AI pin that records all your conversations and transcribes and analyzes them in an encrypted vault. It does all this automatically.
​
Imagine the possibilities when fighting with a significant other!
​
​
My friend Jonathan Becker said something funny to me the other day:
​
​“Being successful in business is the art of being fucked over by other people, then getting back on the horse, over and over again, forever.”​
​
If you’re a longtime entrepreneur, you'll laugh (or cry?) too.
​
​
Do you live in Vancouver? Spending money rarely brings me joy, but one thing that brings me a ton of satisfaction is spending money on a beautiful space. A few years ago, I hired my friend Kate Snyder from Studio Roslyn to redesign my Vancouver apartment and went all out.
​
She did an absolutely incredible job, and I’ve been enjoying until recently, when two things happened:
​
1. My girlfriend moved to Victoria, meaning I use it way less.
​
2. Bylaws changed and I can no longer rent it out on AirBnB.
​
So, I have this insanely gorgeous, perfectly designed penthouse sitting empty 27 nights a month.
​
This feels like a huge waste and I feel guilty. So I’m selling it or renting it out. If you’re looking for a perfect, turn-key home in the West End, then you should buy or rent it from me.
​
Here’s some photos of the interior details and the MLS listing, if you’re interested. I don’t necessarily need cash—I would accept equity in a wonderful cash flowing company as well ;-)
​
PS: Studio Roslyn, the firm that designed the apartment, is absolutely incredible and I’ve worked on a ton of projects with them. Highly recommend you go check them out.
​
​
I’m doing a Shark Tank style pitch event on April 24th with Ryan Holmes and Michelle Romanow. If you want to watch, join here.
​
That’s all for this week…but one more thing. If you’re enjoying this, can you do me a favor and forward it to a friend? Thanks.

‍

​-Andrew
​​
‍

Check out my podcast: YouTube / Spotify / Apple Podcast

‍Want to sell your business or know someone who does? www.tiny.com​

Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson​

Forwarded this message? Sign up here.​​

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved





You are probably a jerk in some way.
April 12, 2024
Hey everyone,

If you're new here, welcome to Never Enough, where I brain dump interesting stuff that has been on my mind over the last week.

​

Today's edition is brought to you by InsideTracker*.

Ugh. Yes. I know. Another Tech Bro “biohacker” thing. But this one might have extended my life by a decade or more (because of it, I have reduced my risk of Alzheimer’s disease, heart attack, and stroke risk).

No, it doesn’t involve healing crystals or anti-aging supplements. This one is insanely simple:

Every 4-6 months for the last eight years, a phlebotomist comes to my house and draws some blood. It takes about 3 minutes.

I started using InsideTracker in 2016 and it sent me on a health journey that has resulted in me fixing a ton of underlying issues that I wasn’t even aware of.

For example because of my test results, I learned that:

I had APOe4, a genetic marker that significantly increases Alzheimer’s risk
I had insanely high cholesterol
My blood sugar was out of control
And much more. Look, you can go to your doctor and do these same tests. It will probably be cheaper. But you’ll get a confusing printout of numbers that probably won’t make sense.

What I love about InsideTracker is that it makes blood test results insanely easy to understand and take action on. It provides specific recommendations based on what it sees, and can even incorporate data from your genetics, Apple Watch, and Oura Ring to custom tailor its recommendations. It also graphs out your results so you can track your progress over time.

Today, my blood looks markedly different from 2016 thanks to the insights and changes I made with InsideTracker. When a friend tells me they want to get their health in order, it’s the first place I send them.

Go check it out here. I’ve done a special deal with them where you’ll save 25% if you click this link.

​

Now onto this week’s issue…
​

I just launched my podcast. I’m fortunate to get to talk to interesting people for a living, and after 20 years of it I figured I should start recording some of these conversations. Go check out the first episode with my friend Sam Parr, host of My First Million, here:
​
​Spotify / Apple Podcast / YouTube​
​
​
I treat myself like a drug addict. But not with drugs, with my phone.
​
I have no self-control. I’ll often be enjoying a quiet moment reading a book or looking out at a view and suddenly, without even realizing it, I’m clawing for my phone in my pocket to check my Twitter feed.
​
After listening to this interview with Dr. Anna Lembke, I realized that you can become addicted—in the same sense you would to drugs or alcohol—to anything that stimulates dopamine.
​
This can be your phone. Chocolate cake. Fizzy water. You name it, if it stimulates dopamine, you’re hooped.
​
In the interview, she goes on to say that the effective treatment protocol for drugs and alcohol (6-8 weeks total abstinence) is the same way to treat things like phone or video game addiction. She talks about “self-binding,” the forced removal of the stimuli from your environment.
​
Don’t want to eat chips? Don’t keep them in your house.
​
Well, the same applies to phones. What I ended up doing was going into my iPhone’s Screen Time settings, blocking all the distracting stuff that causes me stress or I scroll endlessly, then having my girlfriend set the passcode.
​
This means that, in order to use email, Twitter, check the news, Reddit, etc, I need to bug my girlfriend for the code.
​
As Dr. Lembke predicted, the first 6 weeks were tough, but now I don’t even miss them. And I prevent myself from going back down the rabbit hole by continuing to keep the aggressive Screen Time enabled.
​
I’ve found that my life is much happier without scrolling feeds and current events. I’ve managed to replace most of my scrolling time with reading books or long-form audio and I haven’t found that not having email, news, or social media at close hand has in any way negatively affected me.
​
You should try it.​
​
​
“Civilization begins with order, grows with liberty, and dies with chaos.”​
​
That’s a line from one of the most profound books I’ve ever read, The Lessons of History by Will and Ariel Durant. In just 128 pages, it summarizes the key lessons of human history in paired-down prose. Talk about cutting to the chase.
​
Here’s a few key ideas from the book:
History repeats, driven by unchanging human nature.
Geography molds civilizations' fates.
Class struggles fuel historical change.
Religion and morality shape societies.
Civilizations rise and fall in cycles.

My pal David Senra just did a great episode on this book on his (incredible) Founders podcast here. If you haven’t listened to Founders yet, you are missing out. Each week, he summarizes a great book and ties its lessons to other great books and leaders.
​
​
My friend Mark Nichols said something that struck me the other day:
​
​“There’s friends for reasons, for seasons, and for life.”​
​
Which are your friends?
​
​
Hiring a CEO is a weird skill. Not that many people have done it, and those who have have only done it once (most people either run their company for life or only pass the baton once and then retire). Chris and I have done it dozens of times, and my inbox is often packed with people asking me questions about how to transition their company to a CEO. I finally broke down and wrote a little PDF on it for my paid Twitter subscribers. If you want to check it out, go to my Twitter profile and click the purple “Subscribe” button, then check out this subscriber-only tweet.​
​
​
You are probably a jerk in some way. We all are.
​
But if you’re anything like me, you aren’t all that aware of it. You warp every situation to give yourself the most charitable interpretation. Our brains do our best to protect our egos. It's not fun to look at the darker sides of your personality.
​
This is a highly adaptive aspect of humanity. It enables us to get through life. But ignoring your flaws is no way to become the optimal version of yourself. At work, we all understand the value of 360 reviews. Deeply understanding how we are affecting those around us and how we can improve. Pain + reflection = progress.
​
A few years ago, my friend Mohnish Pabrai told me about a psychologist named Jack Skeen who had done a 360 review on his entire life. It sounded fascinating: he did a deep dive on every part of his day-to-day life. How he perceived himself. How his family and wife perceived him. His co-workers. His friends. As a result, he said that he changed his entire life.
​
It sounded kind of interesting, so I hired this guy, Dr. Jack Skeen.
​
He spoke with my closest friends, my wife, my co-workers, and we spent hours on the phone together.
​
He'd ask me weird uncomfortable questions like:
​
"Are you a good person?"
​
And
​
"What is your purpose?"
​
And
​
"Are you well liked?"
​
With long, awkward silences on the other end of the line to make me squirm, while he took notes.
​
I also did a series of multiple choice personality tests
​
All in all, it probably took 6-8 hours of my time, with another 10 hours of interviews across all my friends and colleagues.
​
What came out of it was brutal.
​
It was a complete picture of me...including all the horrible stuff. It was chock full of gut wrenching feedback and anonymized comments from the people who knew me best.
​
There were lots of positive things too, but it was a shit sandwich. Positives wrapped around the stuff nobody wants to read.
​
Here's a few:
​
"He is quite hard to work with. He is a terrible manager. He never gives positive feedback."
​
"He is oblivious of how he comes across to others."
​
"He needs to do the hard work of 'real' relationships. He can drop people when the work gets hard."
​
"Sometimes I feel like he's acting in social situations."
​
"I get the impression often that Andrew isn't happy."
​
As I read the report, I felt like I was going to hurl.
​
I immediately regretted it, and it put me into an existential tailspin. One of the key insights from the report was something I had felt but never quite put my finger on.
​
I scored high on the "histrionic" scale…
​
Something I had never heard of.
​
TLDR: Behaving in a histrionic manner = essentially being able to "perform" for others, craving attention, and wanting short term gratification.
​
Fortunately my score wasn't so high that it was a serious problem (for some people, it's a full on personality disorder and it ruins their lives), but it felt apt.
​
I'd noticed this in myself. That I could be dying inside, miserable, but when I needed to I could perform.
​
This was an incredibly valuable business skill. It helped me deeply connect with people and build positive relationships, but what I came to realize was that it was actually draining my life force. I'd arrive at a meeting I didn't want to go to and LIGHT UP, putting on my mask. Big smile. Firm handshake. Asking all the questions. Making the other person feel good. Tap dancing. Faking it.
​
But inside, I was secretly sad. I was being inauthentic. Something I had learned to do, for some reason, in my childhood.
​
I was an expert of wearing a mask, and it was making me profoundly sad.​​
There were a ton of other insights like this— some so personal I won't share to 20,000 people on the internet—but it all culminated in me making huge changes to my life…​​
I got divorced.
I completely changed my day-to-day life.​
I started focusing on different things at work.
I changed the way I interacted with friends.
Stopped wearing the mask.
​
You name it, this psychological "Roadmap" I did with Jack Skeen rocked my world. It's been a few years now, but it's still one of the most impactful things I've ever done. It felt like 10 years of therapy in one month.
​
I know it sounds scary, but I highly recommend doing it yourself, if you can handle it: www.jackskeen.com​
​

​

That’s all for this week…but one more thing. If you’re enjoying this, can you do me a favor and forward it to a friend? Thanks.

​

-Andrew
​
​

Want to sell your business or know someone who does? www.tiny.com​

Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson​

Forwarded this message? Sign up here.

*This is a sponsored post, but I only run ads for products I love and use myself. If you want to advertise, email Monica.

‍

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




When you die, your stories die with you.
April 6, 2024
Hey everyone,

If you're new here, welcome to Never Enough, where I brain dump interesting stuff that has been on my mind over the last week.

​

Today's edition is brought to you by Write of Passage*.

This is the last week to enroll in David’s writing bootcamp – Write of Passage.

They only host this program 2 times a year, so if you want support improving your writing skills, now is the time. Otherwise, you’ll have to wait until their next cohort in September.

I wouldn’t be sharing this with you unless I knew they were the real deal. There are a lot of bad courses out there, this isn’t one of them.

They are closing registration this week. If you want to up your writing game, enroll here.

​

Now onto this week’s issue…
​

When you die, your stories die with you. The reality is that very few of us know much about our grandparents, let alone our great grandparents. How crazy is that? The history of your family just disappears into the ether. All of your collective knowledge and values. The struggle they went through to get you where you are today. Poof—GONE—within a generation or two. Sure, there’s usually some great uncle who puts together a family tree or something, but the actual lives and stories of those who came before you disappear.
​
Last year, I gave my parents Storyworth for Christmas. It’s a really cool service run by my friend Nick Baum. Each week, it sent them a prompt like “What is your first memory?” or “What was your father like?” It resulted in a few cool stories, but unfortunately neither parent stuck with it. After a few months, they got lazy and started to ignore the emails.
​
Around that time, I met a local entrepreneur named Andrew Hall who started a company called No Story Lost. Think of it as the white glove version of Storyworth. They hire a writer to interview your family members and then write a book about their life.
​
I just got a copy of my father’s and it comes in at an astounding 50,000 words. Despite having spoken to my father more than almost anyone in my life, there were so many stories about his childhood and life that I’d never heard, and I’m so excited for my sons and their future children to be able to to get to know my father and glean some lessons from his life.
​
Check out No Story Lost, it’s such a great service.
​
​
In 2017, Elon Musk announced Tesla’s “Full Self-Driving” software and predicted that there would be a million Tesla Robo Taxis on the road within a few years. I fell for this hook line and sinker. I bought a new Model S and paid thousands of dollars for the upgraded software. Then, I hit the “autopilot” button and realized it was…cruise control. And not even a particularly good one, it would often try to drive me into highway dividers. I gave up on the self-driving dream and felt that maybe the self-driving future was all fluff. The flying car of the 2010s. Last week, I found out I was wrong when I got to ride around San Francisco in a Waymo.
​
If you haven’t tried it, you need to. It felt like using an iPhone for the first time. They have an Uber-like app, and magically a little robot taxi shows up and takes you to where you’re going. The driving was flawless. If I hadn’t looked into the front seat, I would have thought there was a human driver there. Even my girlfriend, who is never impressed by technology, was blown away.
​
Now, Tesla has also made some strides. I recently got to try out their new AI-trained Full Self Driving version 12.3.2 and was very impressed. Elon also just announced their Robo Taxi service is coming (we’ll see…). I think within the next year, self-driving cars will be somewhat mainstream and it will be fascinating to watch all these companies duke it out.
​
If I shorted stocks, I’d short Uber.
​
If you’re in SF, Phoenix, or LA, check out Waymo One (Waymo’s own robo taxi Uber).
​

​

Daniel Kahneman, who made many huge contributions to the field of psychology, died last week. He was the first to admit that, despite knowing everything he knew about bias and decision making, he still fell prey to all of the same influences we all do.
​
Yesterday, my friend Shane Parrish reminded me of this rule Kahneman made for himself, which all of us yes-prone calendar optimists should likely implement:
​
​“Never say yes on the spot. Always give yourself some space. Make it a rule. Tell people.”
​
​I absolutely love his 2010 TED Talk, which changed how I think about travel forever.​
​
​
My business partner, Chris, has a saying “Stress is like water: it will find its way to you.” Avoid phone calls? Your email will blow up. Avoid email? Your texts. Over the past year, as I’ve spent less time in my inbox, my text messages have gone crazy. I’m a huge fan of Texts.com on the desktop (which lets you combine Signal, WhatsApp and iMessage into one super fast interface), but one of my pet peeves has been that if I miss an iMessage on my phone and if it slips below the first few scrolls I’ll sometimes have an unread badge I can’t get rid of on my home screen. When I discovered that there’s an iPhone setting that allows you to filter by unread, it was a (incredibly boring and nerdy) gift from the gods.​
​
​
I’m a huge fan of hiring remotely, and hiring in Latin America and The Philippines is roughly 1/5th the cost of hiring in North America. My best experience has been withAthena. TLDR: They hire virtual assistants, train them to be world-class, manage them, and you get an expert assistant who will not only help with your work, but teach you how to improve your workflow and delegate more effectively. The cost is higher, about $3,000/mo vs $1,000/mo if you trained/managed them yourself, but it’s well worth it. I’ve been using an Athena assistant for about 6 months now and she’s absolutely incredible. I asked Athena to give my readers a deal, so if you sign up here, you'll skip the waitlist and save $1,500 on your second month. Highly recommended.
​
​

Note: This Monday at 10:45am PT, I’m hosting a private AMA on Zoom all about hiring CEOs for my Twitter subscribers. Maybe I’ll see you there.

​

That’s all for this week…but one more thing. If you’re enjoying this, can you do me a favor and forward it to a friend? Thanks.

​

-Andrew
​
​

Want to sell your business or know someone who does? www.tiny.com​

Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson​

Forwarded this message? Sign up here.

*This is a sponsored post, but I only run ads for products I love and use myself. If you want to advertise, email Monica.

‍

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




My hairline is receding and I'm going gray.
April 1, 2024
Hey everyone,

If you're new here, welcome to Never Enough, where I brain dump interesting stuff that has been on my mind over the last week.

Today's edition is brought to you by Write of Passage. 

Last week, I shared how writing online has been a game-changer for my career and mentioned David Perell's writing bootcamp as a fast-track to supercharging your writing skills.

It’s no walk in the park. It's tough, and that's what makes it great—it weeds out the casuals and cultivates a community of folks who are serious about getting better.

But hey, don't take my word for it. David's made it easy for you to look into the program and its community by connecting you with some of his past students.

So, if you're committed to taking your writing to the next level this year, I'd strongly recommend chatting with a Write of Passage alum and getting a first-hand account.

Go here to setup a chat with a Write of Passage alumni.

Now onto this week’s issue…

My hairline is receding and I’m going gray. For the first time in my life, I’m feeling…old. At 38, I’m around my life’s halfway point and I decided to reflect back on some lessons I’ve learned over the past 38 years.

Here’s a list of 38 things I’ve learned in the last 13,952 days of my life so far:

If you’re nice to someone, they’ll probably be nice back.

Criticizing someone’s ideas will only cause them to double down.

Find out what someone loves to talk about, then ask them questions about it. They will light up.

People generally do what they’re incentivized to do.

If someone seems upset, repeat back what they just said. They will usually calm down.

Don’t let people you dislike give you gifts or do favors for you. You’ll feel like you owe them something and end up inadvertently helping them.

Everyone is too busy thinking about themselves to notice the pimple on your nose.

Every time you say something out loud, your brain pounds it in a little further. Be careful what you say.

If someone gossips with you, they’re probably gossiping about you with others.

Everyone other than your closest friends and family subconsciously want to see you fall in the mud. It’s not intentional, it’s human nature: the nail that sticks up gets hammered down.

Don’t tell, storytell.

You will want the things your ten closest friends want. Choose friends accordingly.

The things with the greatest mental payoff are generally the same things that would have made a hunter gatherer happy: exercise, being in nature, laughing with friends, sex and companionship, eating delicious food, focusing on a task, watching your kids play.

Humility always wins over extravagance. Don’t count your poker chips at the table.

Nobody wants to hear about how bad your day is going.

Be nice to people on your way up. You might meet them again on your way down.

Half of having friends is just being reliable. Say “yes” at least 70% of the time. Be on time. Respond to texts and calls.

Leave some money on the table. You don’t need the last dollar.

Want to get invited to cool parties and dinners? Host them.

Beware of people who are rude to waiters and service staff.

Email people you admire. Sometimes they’ll respond and good things will happen.

The best way to avoid mistakes is to read about the mistakes of others.

Planning is usually just guessing.

Bad sleep, bad life.

Never expect people to change. They rarely do.

Alcohol and drugs are like an elastic band. The harder you pull it up, the harder it will whip back down the other way and hurt you.

Think of psychopaths and narcissists like poisonous spiders. You don’t want them anywhere near you, especially not your bedroom.

Take off your sunglasses when you meet people.

Always default to picking up the bill, especially if you can afford it.

Whales only get harpooned when they surface. If you don’t want to get harpooned, stay quiet.

Ideas are like tiny embers. They require immediate oxygen to turn into a fire. Take action.

Don’t judge old people for having views you disagree with. In a few decades, your liberal views will seem conservative, and that will be you.

Going back thousands of years, every generation thinks the next generation is weak and the world is doomed. Keep that in mind when you read the news.

When a child is upset, get down to their level, validate their feelings, and touch their face with the palm of your hand. Works with adults too.

When writing emails, less is always more. Most people don’t read past the first sentence. If worried about appearing too brusque, use a smiley face :-)

Every personal strength is shadowed by a corresponding weakness. In yourself and others. Accept and work with this.

There’s no such thing as problems, only people problems.

The days are long, but the years are short. Especially with kids.

Saved for posterity on Twitter, here.
 

A few years ago, Basecamp’s David Heinemeier Hansson shared a terrifying story about an incredibly boring but scary thing nobody thinks about. He built his dream house, and a few days after moving in, his wife started feeling violently ill then  collapsed. They soon learned that she was suffering from severe formaldehyde poisoning. After investigating, it turned out that their super energy efficient passive house, which used as little energy and electric ventilation as possible, didn’t have enough airflow. Formaldehyde and volatile organic compounds from new furniture, paint, construction materials, and carpeting were filling their home with toxic fumes, which due to the energy efficient HVAC system wasn’t being cycled frequently enough.

When I heard David’s story, I was about to move into a new home. I immediately installed a bunch of air quality sensors and it turned out that my then-infant son’s new room was filled with crazy high levels of volatile organic compounds. This was especially concerning given that small children are particularly vulnerable to VOCs.

This is one of those profoundly boring, pernicious things that nobody thinks about. We obsess over plane crashes and falls, but we ignore the boring stuff like slow but steady exposure to toxic chemicals over the course of decades which could result in cancer, allergies, or learning disabilities. Air quality really matters.

Here’s what I do:

• Install Awair sensors in the rooms my family spends the most time in (especially children’s bedrooms and playrooms).

• Keep windows open or ventilation fans running at all times, especially if you’re seeing high levels of VOCs.

• Place HEPA filters in each room you spend a lot of time in. I am a huge fan of the Dyson Big + Quiet BP04, which tracks Co2 and filters formaldehyde, while looking like a beautiful robot from the future. An excellent cheaper option is the CoWay Airmega.
‍

I used to hate executive recruiters and refused to use them. Why would I pay someone $60,000 to connect me with an employee I could find myself on LinkedIn?

But I was wrong. Recruiters can be a tremendous asset. Here’s why.

When you run a business, you’re distracted. And most entrepreneurs are like me, high pace, distracted, and trying to put out fires. One of the biggest fires is often hiring. You need someone to run X, Y, Z initiative at your company, and every day you don’t have them hurts. It either means you need to run it  or it doesn’t get done poorly.

In the past, I tended to do a blitz. I’d go on LinkedIn, find a bunch of candidates, then, because I was busy, I’d do a half assed interview of 3-4 people and hire the best one, even if I wasn’t 100% sure about them. Sometimes, the whole process would just sit idle for months because I was too busy, then I’d panic and impulse hire someone months later, damaging my business in the process.

It turns out that hiring a new executive is insanely time consuming. For each candidate, it’s at least an hour of your time, so as a busy CEO, the last thing you want to do is spend 8 hours interviewing 8 candidates, most of whom you will never hire. This, it turns out, is a perfect opportunity for delegation.

Now, when I hire an executive or CEO or exec, I always hire a recruiter. There’s three key reasons I do this:

1. I have the recruiter conduct all the initial interviews and record the Zoom videos. This means that I can quickly skim each video and do a quick vibe check. Do I think I’d click with them? Do I like the way they present? This is a massive time saver. We all know what it’s like to get 10 minutes into an interview only to realize the person is a dud, then feel obliged to stay on and ask them more questions to avoid being rude. This solves that. The recruiter spends the time, you skim the videos.

2. The recruiter keeps the ball moving forward. The recruiter doesn’t get paid in full until they find you your person, so they naturally keep the process moving behind the scenes, even if you get sidetracked. Something you might let sit for months, will often take far less time because the recruiting is pressing ahead even when you’re not paying attention.

3. The recruiter widens the funnel. Yes, we often hire candidates that we found ourselves, but the recruiter often adds additional candidates that we never would have found. For example, when we were hiring a CEO for AeroPress, the recruiter found us Gerard Meyer, who was 5x more experienced than every other candidate. He just wasn’t on our radar.

Let’s think about the cost of a recruiter. Say you’re hiring a CEO or top level executive for $300,000 per year.

The cost of the recruiter will be around $60,000 (20% of first year salary).

For that, they will:

- Widen the funnel and give you more optionality
- Save you 10-15 hours of interviewing people you’d reject within the first 5 minutes anyway
- Keep the process moving, even when you’re busy.

In the case of a high level hire, the cost of a bad hire is millions, or even tens of millions of dollars, and the cost of delaying can be equally expensive.

Because of this, I’ve come around to recruiters.

One note though: most recruiters are really annoying. They want to do weekly update calls and don’t record their Zoom calls. It’s a very old school industry and you need to ensure you work with modern firms that will be scrappy and take up as little of your time as possible.

My two favorite recruiters are:

Tighe Burke from SRCH Partners for large CEO/VP hires.

Matt Hollingsworth from Align for SMB CEO/VP/Exec hires.

Tell them I sent you!
‍

That’s all for this week…but one more thing. If you’re enjoying this, can you do me a favor and forward it to a friend? Thanks.

‍

Enjoying the newsletter? Forward this to a friend so they can get in on the action and sign up below.

Want to ask me questions? Subscribe to my Twitter (smash the purple button) and join me in my next AMA.

Subscribe to My Twitter
‍

-Andrew


Want to sell your business or know someone who does? www.tiny.com

Follow me on Twitter/X: @awilkinson

Forwarded this message? Sign up here.

*This is a sponsored post, but I only run ads for products I love and use myself. If you want to advertise, email Monica.

‍

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




After years, I finally took the pill...
March 25, 2024
Hey everyone,
​
If you're new here, welcome to Never Enough - where I share some of my best recommendations.

Today's edition is brought to you by Write of Passage. ​
​
​I’ve made some pretty good investments in my career, but publishing my ideas online is arguably the best investment I’ve ever made. Most of the opportunities I’ve encountered over the years have come from interesting people reading my writing and reaching out. It’s how I’ve met some of my best friends and business partners.

If you want to follow suit, I recommend following David Perell on Twitter (X). He has a lot of great content on this topic, but I’d get started here. He calls it: How to Build A Personal Monopoly By Writing Online.*​
​

This is a bit weird to admit, but I’m an incredibly anxious person. I constantly expect the worst, obsess over it, and planning is my way to calm my anxiety.
​
Over the past two decades, this anxious planning has helped me grow my business and be successful, but a few years ago it got to the point where I was making myself miserable and actually causing problems at work. I couldn’t even watch a movie without pausing multiple times to fire off an email I was stressing about. I wasn’t present during family vacations and was irritable in meetings. I lived in the future. A terrible, anxious nightmare where all of my companies were failing, my kids had suffered horrible accidents, and everyone hated me.
​
I tried just about everything. Yoga. Meditation. Sauna and cold plunge. Exercise. The only thing that worked was alcohol, and we all know how that ends (I almost entirely quit drinking about 10 years ago).
​
Finally, I gave up and asked my doctor to prescribe me an SSRI (Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor), but I couldn’t bring myself to take it. The pill pack sat beside the sink for months, taunting me.
​
I was scared. While I’d heard incredible testimonials from some friends who took them, I’d also heard horror stories from others. I worried it could turn me into a zombie, devoid of emotions. That it might take away my fire.
​
Of course, my anxiety problem continued, so I did a deep dive into the science behind their side effects and found a paper about how different people metabolize SSRIs. It turned out that certain people have a genetic mutation, where some SSRI drugs spike to crazy levels in their body, causing far worse side effects. Odder still, my doctor wasn’t aware of this, nor were many of my friends who had experienced bad side effects. I ran my 23andMe genetic data through an analyzer and found that I was an SSRI “slow metabolizer” and likely would have suffered these side effects.
​
I found a new drug that was metabolized on a different pathway called Vortioxetine. It's the newest class of anti-anxiety/depression medications and works differently from medications like Prozac and Escitalopram. Not only does it not spike drug levels in slow metabolizers (people whose bodies break down certain medications more slowly, leading to a buildup of the drug in their system and potentially causing more severe side effects), but it doesn't appear to cause sexual side effects.
​
Three years ago, after almost a year of deliberation, I gulped and took the pill.
​
To my surprise…I didn’t turn into a zombie. In fact, the opposite. Slowly, over the course of a few weeks, I felt my anxiety abate. It didn’t go away, but it felt like the volume had been turned down 50%. And a few months later, when I thought about some of the things I’d been anxious about before, I laughed them off. It felt like being reminded of being insecure in high school or something: “I can’t believe I was so worked up about that!”
​
Taking Vortioxetine has had a profoundly positive effect on my life. I’m a far happier person now and enjoy my days so much more. Rocks feel less like boulders. Things feel manageable and I’m more present. Don’t get me wrong. It’s not a panacea. I still get stressed and experience anxiety, but it’s just way less overwhelming. Best of all, I haven’t experienced any major side effects. Occasional nausea if I take it on an empty stomach.
​
​Maybe an over share, I know, but I wanted to share my experience for three reasons:​
​
1. I know so many people who suffer from crippling anxiety, but are scared of taking a pill. I thought maybe sharing my story would help them consider it as an option. *Do your own research. I’m not a doctor.​
​
2. Nobody seems to be aware of this slow metabolizer issue. If you have 23andMe, check this part of the test to find out if you’re a slow metabolizer. If you are, you might want to consider Vortioxetine (brand name Trintellix/Brintellix).
​
3. There is so much silly stigma against talking about this. For some reason, if you have seasonal allergies and take an antihistamine (which affects your brain too), nobody thinks twice about it. But when it’s for anxiety, you’re weak or insane. F that.
​
I just got back from an amazing week on the north shore of Kauai, Hawaii. I had previously only been to The Big Island and Maui, but Kauai absolutely blew me away. Easily one of the top 5 most beautiful places I’ve been.
​
A few spots/activities I loved:
​
- Java Kai for coffee and breakfast
- Nourish for lunch (great acai bowls)
- Bar Acuda for dinner (try the lamb chops)
- Zip-lining at Koloa
​- E-foiling lessons (sans Zuck sunscreen face mask) - yes, I went full Tech Bro™
- I stayed at 1Hotel Hanalei. Great rooms and service, but I’d go elsewhere for food. Easily the nicest view I’ve ever experienced from a hotel.
​
Years ago, when I was thinking about selling one of my old companies, I had no freaking clue how to get started. I didn’t even know what an investment banker was. Someone who works at the bank??? What are the options? Who do I talk to? How will someone value the business? What I really wanted was security. I wanted to have enough money in the bank that I could pay off my house and buy a nice car, but I thought that meant selling my whole business.
​
Now I know there’s a gazillion options. Everything from raising equity, to dividend recaps, to even selling the business to your employees with management buyouts.
​
But even today, I want to tear my hair out when I talk to investment bankers: “What can you do for me???” I want to scream (but don’t). I wish they’d just show me a menu showing me all the options and explain it in layman's terms.
​
Finally, Chris and I got frustrated. We met Louis, a young investment banker who was…shockingly normal and nice. A lot like us. The three of us partnered up to start our own investment bank. It’s called Tenzing and it’s built by founders, for founders.
​
If you’re thinking about de-risking and taking money off the table, selling your company, raising debt, or even a management buyout (selling to your employees), then you should email him: louis@tenzing.co
​​
Anytime Bill Gurley talks, I listen. Well, now he's talking a lot. He and Brad Gerstner (another super smart VC) just started a new podcast called BG2. Yes, I know, another tech podcast. But this one offers some of the sharpest commentary I've heard on AI, self-driving cars, and chips. I highly recommend checking it out.
​
Quick music rec: I’m a huge fan of RAC. He just released a new EP called Hyper (Spotify), which is really good.
​

That’s all for this week…but one more thing. If you’re enjoying this, can you do me a favor and forward it to a friend? Thanks.
​

-Andrew

‍

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved





If you got poo on your arm, would you wipe it?
March 18, 2024
Hey everyone,

There are over 17,500 people subscribed to this newsletter now. That’s kind of mind blowing. Thanks for reading.

​

I owe everything I have to writing. I’m not exaggerating. I was a nobody when I started MetaLab and the only reason I was able to win projects with Fortune 500 companies was because I wrote blog posts that hooked people. Later, with Tiny, I invested a huge amount of time writing viral posts on Twitter and it led to many of our best acquisitions. Today, that same skill—writing compelling things that make people take notice—continues to pay huge dividends for me and many of my most successful friends. Communicating in an impactful way pays off. It’s hard to learn, but there’s a shortcut that will accelerate your writing abilities massively. My friend David Perell, whose writing I’ve admired for years, has created a course called Write of Passage* that will level up your writing skills in a 5 week bootcamp. I can’t think of a better way to do so.
​
Think about the guts it would take to sign away the multi-billion-dollar fortune you’d spent decades building without telling a soul. In the early eighties, Chuck Feeney, the billionaire founder of Duty Free Shoppers, did just that. He secretly gave away 99.9% of his wealth to his philanthropic foundation, keeping only a million dollars for himself. For the rest of his life, he resided in a small San Francisco apartment, dedicating his time to giving the money away. There’s a great book about Chuck called The Billionaire Who Wasn’t. I just finished it and it’s incredibly inspiring. He died last year, giving away over $8 billion in his lifetime.
​
“If you got poo on your arm, would you wipe it with a tissue and go ‘perfect, as good as new?’ Of course not! You’d wash it.” My friend Rajiv is fond of giving this example when he sells people on the need for a Japanese style bidet toilet. I am one of his many converts. It's one of those things that you might not think you want or need until you experience it—for most people, during a visit to Japan, where they are ubiquitous (even in public bathrooms in shopping malls). I never thought I needed a heated toilet seat with automated washing and drying until I tried it. Now I’d never go back. It’s a silly luxury—an Eight Sleep for your rear end—but I highly recommend getting yourself a Toto Washlet.
​
Over the past few years I’ve gotten into weightlifting. I’ve spent a ton of time dialing in my supplements and nutrition, but the most heavily researched supplement, Creatine, is my achilles heel. No matter what, taking even a tiny amount of it turns my stomach almost instantly, slowing my progress at the gym. A few months ago, I was listening to The Random Show with Tim Ferriss and Kevin Rose, and they mentioned KreAlkalyn Creatine, a different formulation that is PH buffered and causes less stomach distress. Miraculously, it doesn’t affect my stomach at all, and I can take loads of the stuff. For my fellow creatine sensitive, it’s a great option. This one by EFX is what I use.
​
One of our companies, KnoCommerce, just launched The DTC Index. It’s kind of like the S&P 500, but for direct-to-consumer e-commerce companies. It ranks them monthly based on a variety of metrics including estimated revenue and MoM growth.
​

That’s all for this week…but one more thing. If you’re enjoying this, can you do me a favor and forward it to a friend? Thanks.
​
​

-Andrew

‍

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved




An absurd $5,000 keyboard
March 8, 2024
Here is your week’s edition of Never Enough, a few things I’ve been exploring.
​

My pal Ryan Norbauer used to run one of the top web development agencies in North America, which is how we became friends. A few years ago, he shut down his agency and started a…luxury keyboard atelier? I thought he had lost his mind. I’ve always just used the Apple Magic Keyboard and not thought twice about it. Then he sent me one of his $5,000 keyboards. Yes, you read that correctly. A fucking $5,000 keyboard. It felt like unboxing a Rolex, with a certificate of authenticity and everything, and it’s made of titanium. After a few months with it, I’m a convert. It’s one of the most absurd luxuries that I’ve enjoyed lately, but it has made typing (including these very words) an absolute pleasure. If you are having a midlife crisis, I highly recommend buying one of his keyboards. Much more satisfying than a red Porsche.
​
I hate burning money unnecessarily. To this day, nothing grinds me more than realizing that some SaaS software company has been billing one of my companies thousands of dollars for a product we no longer use. As we’ve grown, though, I found it tough to stay on top of this. We have 40+ companies, and ultimately we have bigger fish to fry—but this stuff matters. It adds up. Death by a thousand paper cuts. So, we launched a new company to solve this. It’s called Tech Source. They dig through your P&L for SaaS + hosting + API expenses, cut what you aren’t using, and negotiate the best possible price on the ones you are. They take a small monthly retainer then charge you a percent of the savings. Tell them I sent you.
​
Jesper Kouthoofd, founder of popular Swedish clothing brand Acne, also lost his mind like my friend Ryan. He left the fashion industry to start an uber-cool design-y audio product company called Teenage Engineering. I recently bought their podcasting microphone, the CM-15, and it’s a thing of beauty. Most podcast mics look straight out of Howard Stern’s 90’s radio studio. This thing looks like it was designed by Dieter Rams.
​
You may have seen the news, but we partnered with Dr. Andrew Huberman (from HubermanLab fame) and bought a majority stake in a yerba mate company called Mateina. I’ve been drinking the stuff daily for over a year now and it is by far the best caffeine delivery system around (120mg of caffeine without the jitters + mild appetite suppression). Andrew Huberman has worked with them over the past six months on a new sugar-free version, which we just launched.
​
Starting at around age five, I roamed my neighborhood in a pack with my friends. I remember being essentially free range. Apparently, kids don’t do that anymore, and it’s bad for them. I read an article by Mariana Brussoni about how kids need to take risk and do semi-dangerous things in order to develop confidence. I found the following quote and chart particularly alarming:
​​
“Between 1975 and 2015, outdoor play among UK children decreased by 29.4%, while screen-based activities increased by 22.4%. In the U.S., only 16% of children in 1997 played outdoors every day. By 2003—just six years later—that dropped even further to 10%.”
‍

‍

It’s Never Enough. Until next week,

Andrew

​
Forwarded this message? Sign up here.
P.S. Want to sponsor the newsletter? Reply to this email.

‍

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved





Atoms, the backstory
March 1, 2024
Here is your week’s edition of Never Enough, a list of what I’ve been exploring.
​

Metalab, the product design agency I started back in 2006, just launched their first major rebrand in years: www.metalab.com
​​
Check out this article from Inc. Magazine that came out this week. Bryan Elliot did a great job at capturing my story.
​
Nothing pisses me off more than seeing huge recurring charges on my credit card for simple software. For example, I recently saw one of our companies paying $40,000 per year for glorified screenshot software. Jason and David from Basecamp are fighting this trend withOnce.com. TLDR: They’re building simple apps to replace all the basics companies rely on, starting with Slack (Campfire). You just pay $300, once, then you run it on your own server. Genius.
​
Last year, we teamed up with my friend James Clear, the author of Atomic Habits, to make the ultimate habits app. It’s called Atoms, and it launched yesterday. Debuted in the top 10 of the US App Store! Click here to learn more.​
​​
I’m a longtime user of Instapaper, but the king is dead. I’ve converted over to Readwise Reader and it’s UNBELIEVABLY good. A few features I love: perfectly imports PDFs with flawless OCR and highlighting / it has flawless text-to-speech / insanely fast keyboard driven interface.
​
My friend Bill Ackman did a wide ranging interview on Lex Fridman and it's great, you can check it out here.
​
I never thought I’d say this, but I loved the Prince Harry book, Spare. It turns out it’sghost written by J.R. Moehringer, who has written some of my favourite biographies (Open by Andre Agassi and Shoe Dog by Phil Knight - both are incredible). Highly recommend, fun read. And this is coming from someone who couldn’t care less about royal drama.
​

It’s Never Enough. Until next week,

Andrew

‍
The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved






Way too many text messages
February 23, 2024
Here is your week’s edition of Never Enough, a list of what I’ve been exploring.
​

A funny recommendation, but this week I got hit with a nasty stomach flu and would have been decimated if not for a miracle drug called Zofran (Ondansetron). It made it 10x less terrible than it could have been and basically eliminated my nausea. It’s an anti-nausea drug that is often used by chemotherapy patients. No major side effects other than a mild headache, which I’d take any day over nausea. Worth having in your medicine cabinet during flu season.
​
I love matcha, but I’ve always found making it kind of annoying (portioning, whisking, etc). My girlfriend got me a Cuzen Matcha machine for Christmas and I’ve been absolutely loving it. It automatically grids the tea leaves and whisks the matcha using a little magnetic stirring cup. It seemed like a gimmick when I got it, but I use it daily.
​
I get way too many text messages. Texts has been a game changer. It’s basically Superhuman for text messaging. Insanely fast and keyboard driven, it lets you pound through your text messages in a flash. It also supports all the major platforms (iMessage, Signal, WhatsApp, Instagram, etc) so it’s a unified inbox for all your messages. You can even filter texts into different views like work and personal. Texts was just acquired by my friend Matt Mullenweg over at Automattic. I’m excited to see how they evolve the product.
​
I’m a huge fan of Raycast. It’s a Mac utility that replaces Spotlight and lets you do a ton of neat stuff using keyboard commands, replacing the need to use the mouse or open apps (here’s a quick YouTube primer).
​
Recently, they released an extension called Dash Off. Basically, it lets you send quick emails to key team members without opening your email app.
​
I’ve always found that if I open my email, I’m bound to get distracted. This lets me hit a keyboard command, type a quick email, then get right back to work: https://www.raycast.com/peduarte/dash-off. Super handy.
​
I recently interviewed my friend Sam Parr for a new podcast I am developing. He sold me on the Ninja Creami. It’s basically an at-home ice cream maker that lets you make healthy (or unhealthy) ice cream, sorbet, and smoothie bowls. I tried it a few days ago and I’m hooked. Here’s my recipe for a sugar-free protein ice cream:
Ingredients:

½ cup egg white protein powder
1 cup almond milk, unsweetened
1 cup coconut milk
1 cup blueberries (fresh or frozen)
2-3 tbsp monk fruit sweetener (adjust to taste)
1 tsp vanilla extract
Pinch of salt
Instructions:

Blend Ingredients: Combine egg white protein powder, almond milk, cashew cream, blueberries, monk fruit sweetener, vanilla extract, and a pinch of salt in a blender. Blend until smooth, then pour into the Ninja Creami pint container.
Chill: Freeze the mixture for at least 12-24 hours.
Spin: Once frozen, process the ice cream in the Ninja Creami until creamy using the light ice cream setting.
​Serve or Store: Enjoy immediately for a softer texture, or freeze for a few hours for firmer ice cream.
​
​
Next Friday, March 1st at 11:15 am PT, I'll be hosting an AMA (Ask Me Anything) session with Noah Kagan.

I typically host AMAs with my Twitter followers, but I'm excited to open this one up to all subscribers interested in starting businesses. Click below to sign up. See you there.

Sign up for the AMA
Want to share this issue of Never Enough? Copy and paste this link.

It’s Never Enough. Until next week,

Andrew

‍

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved





Journaling with AI
February 16, 2024
Here is this week’s edition of Never Enough, a list of what I’ve been exploring, plus an interesting question from my Twitter subscriber community.

​

‍ I’m reading two great books that counter balance one another:​
​
The Coming wave by Mustafa Sulyman - "Everything is about to be changed by AI in a radical, scary way"
​
Counterbalanced by:
​
​Same As Ever by Morgan Housel - "There are many things that never change"
‍
I'm loving SuperWhisper, a voice recognition large language model that runs natively and does incredibly accurate dictation with perfect grammar and um/ah removal.
‍
I absolutely loved seeing Priscilla and The Killer in theaters recently.
I feel like the last few years were pretty rough in Hollywood with COVID and we're finally seeing great films hit the theaters again.
‍
I recently bought a Dyson Solarcycle Morph reading light. It automatically turns on and off when you sit down next to it, and it automatically sets the light to warmer as the day goes on (for cozy warm light in the evening, and bright sharp white light in the mornings). Like all things Dyson, it’s beautifully designed and looks incredible in my den.
‍
I've never been able to keep up a daily journal, my friend Charlie Grinnell came up with an awesome workflow that I've been using. TLDR: You take a voice note, then use a custom AI prompt to form it into a well-written coherent journal entry in Reflect (or the journaling app of your choice). This has made journalling go from a pain, where I rarely do it, to something I love doing verbally while I drive or go for a walk.
‍

‍

‍

From My Twitter Community
‍

With the recent news to bring AI mainstream with Chat GPT, Grove, etc., does Tiny have any strict strategies on AI-related acquisitions?

‍

Really, we're just trying to think about how things get disrupted, and how quickly they get disrupted. So, we're being very, very strict about either buying businesses that we feel have a data moat, or something that makes them hard to compete with. We're trying to avoid anything that's easily recreated by AI, or just eliminated by AI. The problem is that that's constantly expanding.

‍

To be honest, we're really looking at places outside tech, and then also distressed tech businesses right now, because we think we can have short-term payback. You know, at the end of the day, business is about betting. How long can this go? How much cash can it produce? And can I buy it for less than that number?

‍

We feel like building technology businesses is like building sandcastles on the beach, and the tide is coming in really, really fast. AI, the waves just keep on coming. So, you know, we're thinking very carefully about that. But I mean, honestly, I watched that keynote. And I was like, I can imagine that eliminating almost every job, right? If you play it out, and you think about AI agents. This idea that you can create a CEO bot, designer bot, developer bot, a project manager bot, and you can have them all work together in a chain. You know, what knowledge work is left, almost? I don't want to freak out about it, but I also see the potential of where it could go. And I'm being very cautious.

‍

Want to ask me questions? Subscribe to my Twitter (smash the purple button) and join me in my next AMA.

Subscribe to My Twitter
‍

Want to share this issue of Never Enough? Share the newsletter feed so your friends and followers can see the most recent post and sign up to receive new issues.​
​

It’s Never Enough. Until next week,

​

Andrew

‍

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved





Why I'm Starting a Newsletter.
February 9, 2024
In 2016, I bid a staggering $57,000 for lunch with billionaire investor Bill Ackman.

‍

I had followed Bill’s career from a distance for years. He loved getting his hands dirty, helping the companies he invested, often with incredible results. He’s best known for transforming the Canadian Pacific Railway from the back of the pack into a leader in efficiency. By flipping the script on Canada’s least efficient railway, he turned it into a paragon of performance, pocketing an eye-popping profit of $2.6 billion. It’s the kind of move that turns a good investor into a legend.

‍

When Bill auctioned off a 1-hour lunch for charity, Chris and I went all in, we wanted to learn from him in person. We asked him about everything we could think of and was surprised by his brutal honesty about everything from investing, to business partnership, to marriage and raising children.

‍

I was blown away.

‍

Almost a decade later, as my public persona has taken on a life of its own, I find myself in Bill’s shoes, fielding inquiries from both young and seasoned entrepreneurs seeking guidance. I get dozens of emails every day asking about my deal flow, how I hire CEOs, lessons from running agencies and now a public company, the due diligence process for our acquisitions, my podcast routine, daily supplements— the list goes on.

‍

Instead of spending my life on back-to-back calls, I’m inviting you, with this newsletter, into my day-to-day.

‍

Once a week, I’ll share a list of five things that have caught my attention. Tools I’ve tried, products I’m loving, books I’m reading, and more. Think of it as a series of text messages sent directly to your inbox. But most importantly, I’ll be answering a question each week from my audience. My goal is to bring you high-quality actionable advice that’s usually reserved for private circles.

‍

Welcome aboard,

Andrew

The Never Enough Newsletter
Sign up for Andrew's weekly newsletter for insider tips, reflections, and personal tool recommendations.
Enter your email and
sign up for free right now.
Email address
About Andrew Wilkinson
Andrew Wilkinson is the co-founder of Tiny, a Canadian holding company that buys and holds wonderful businesses for the long term.
Read Never Enough
Arrow
Sign Up for Andrew's Newsletter
Arrow
Listen to the Never Enough Podcast
Arrow
Learn More About Tiny
Arrow
Follow Andrew On Twitter
Arrow
Andrew Wilkinson
© 2025 Andrew Wilkinson,  All Rights Reserved
